Celeb Thread


i always forget about /hr/
She's such a pretty little doll

Good bum.
/hr/ never forgets about you.

so much autism there these days but good pics usually.
she has an ass on her





>Good job.
She's making the same face I am!
yepperoni

i think she was going for the piece of bubblegum look
yikes those thighs holy..



Keep em coming

Have not seen this one before. Very nice


dangerous bro. I need some new pics myself

Someone needs to get her back on the big screen, in the lewdest and nudest roles available.

wow /hr/ is like a celebfag mecca




agreed brodie

she is a qt
Boring fucking plain bitch
Way too fucking sexy
very much so
ill be there after i take a shower saving every pic i can find of my qts
Their powers combined?


bit rude
dead/injured/in pain girls edition
REPLY TO THIS POST OR THIS BITCH GONNA GET U TONITE








ups, wrong pic


loli guro thread?

I don't generally like "in pain", but scared, definitely


someone should write a story about someone that orders a loli doll online and instead gets a real loli in the mail.
I guess
why not


















Anyone has more art of the artist in pic related? Or maybe a name?

You don't fucking do that to Bastet!



no risk, no fun


any more from this artist?




.php?id=6871140&type=all

gonna post a few albums since I don't have any single loli guro pics








>meanwhile in sweden



Classic
Moar 3D renderings please!!!

no blonde hair tho


actually too lazy to post more albums, have a normal pic
nice. moar!
i love the skull pics sadly there are way to few of them -.-
beautiful

yes please
I love this shit. I have a pretty big fetish for beating into submission and raping/snuffing.

luv pits
mmmmmmmmmm
mmmmmmmmmmm
i want one









https://imgur.com/a/fZi50



Good Lord... Thank you Kanye very cool. Also checkd.
more bestiality please

Those are nice. Thanks
One of my favorites
this thread has everything. Normal stuff, guro, bestiality...
fuckin' alpaca/loli bestiality. reminder that there's always something out there you haven't seen.
i love that one too, was gonna post it but it's not really loli
https://youtu.be/tkhbOc-jZ6c?t=2m37
You're right, they are mentally ill.
You are correct op
I live with a tranny. He thinks he is a woman and can use his womanly charm to get me and the rest of the guys I live with to do things. It only works on the closeted homosexual.
Could also use that pic of the mtf story about taking wads of dead flesh and hair out for a few months.
Captain obvious strikes again
You secretly enjoy sucking on that fat penis roll. Don’t hide it.
holy shit the video makes me sick... why are they so fucking degenerate?
so where do they get skin to replace the skin they cut off to make this flesh golum?
"straight" people are mentally sick as well, just in a different way. prove me wrong.
That is not a penis.
"Straight people propogate the species with their heterosexuality you dummy. Go soak your head, you obviously aren't awake yet or you would have realized what a stupid sentence that was.
Anyone who says they're not attracted to this because "hurr durr shemale" is a fucking liar.
fake and gahy
the ones that want to be women i agree with you

Yah but then they open their mouth and the feeling is gone.

This. Just because some of them are pretty, I'm not gonna marry or date someone with the same suicide rate and mental illness rates as war veterans.
this people will spend the rest of their faggot life in the doctor. what are the odds this will even work in 5-10 years after the surgery ?

and in 10 years, they realise it was just a stage and now they want the fuck sock back.
2. Infection from urine, leading to inflammation and could lead to sepsis. I severely doubt most doctors know how to treat a fake dick with a UTI.
What the hell is going with that skin patch on the thigh? That is really sick and it is mutilation
Would not really recomend because of the smell. She smells like a dude, and not cute like a girl.
What a hero
the fact she wanted a dick in her kind of shows she isnt really wanting to be a tranny..

I'm being honest... If I had to choose between an ugly sack of shit that's actually emotionally stable and capable of functioning in normal life, or a tranny who fucked up it's hormones, chopped off it's dick, and tries to kill it's self.
They could cause self harm we must do something!! literally fucking mutilated 10% of their body surgically in a vein attempt to help.
Of course it's a mental illness. A mental illness is typically characterized by a person who is haunted or severely troubled by their own mind. To not be comfortable in your own body at the point of mutilating yourself in order to change it is very much a mental illness.
That was not a female to male, that was a woman on steroids. The standard trap is just a guy with gynecomastia.
Inb4, on 4chan and claiming to want stablity...
what's it full of? Just random fat and muscle tissue?
>being this much of a CISlord.
I get that all the fucking time. If it looks like a rattlesnake, it sounds like a rattlesnake, and it bites like a rattlesnake, it's a fucking rattlesnake.
if a dude sees that person in a bar, sure the attraction is there because that person is posing as a woman, but the moment u find out it was born with a dick, and u still attracted... u gay
IT IS A REAL AUTHENTIC PENIS YOU SHIT LORD FILLED WITH NORMAL PENIS STUFF DONT YOU SAY OTHERWISE YOU FUCKING SEXIST RACIST BIGOT
I can't.
I would if i was still porn addicted but no longer
sheeeeeiiitt!!!!! you mean... ROT
go on, tell me you are a SJW and think being a tranny isnt a mental illness.
How can we prove you wrong when you are absolutely right?
would u suck?
I'm pretty chill, I just like gore, politics, and porn. I used to be pretty bad, but you get older and the $ starts influencing you more than your emotions, and you emotions go from wanting to fuck everything to actually being rational about what you want in life.
Yeah, but she intends to chop her tits off, she wears a sort of boob supressing vest in public, and she has a male name and introduces herself as a boy.
Lmao fat penis roll
lol, surgery is surgery, there arent many procedures that are pretty to look at halfway through.
jesus christ no wonder the post-op suicide rates aren't any better
Not a fan.
OMG! I didn't deserve to watch this...
Yep. A festering piss sausage full of maggots.
looks like a bodge job
Suprise suprise, comments disabled.
If I paint myself black and call myself Dantrell does that mean I'm a nigger?
Gender identity has nothing to do with sexuality.
it's just mind numbing how delusional these people are. at one point, they had this professor on the show who had been dealing with gender dsyphoria for like 40 years, and there's just a complete disregard for what she was saying because it wasn't what Jazz wanted to hear.
Was it's name corbin
you expect dialogue and organic input with commies?
It's an acquired taste. I have OCD, and specifically compulsive violent thoughts, so watching gore is better than me going around killing things tbh. Works wonders.
What do you think a Penis is "full off" ?
Yes. And you'd be butting in way more of an effort to be one than Shaun King.
Looks like the doctor glued a shitty dildo above her pussy.
Hear me out I wanna start a group of people to stop this shit. If we get enough people to claim they want to be treated like they are 70+ we can still work our full time jobs and collect social security. The govt will deff put a stop to this shit
Maybe I expect too much.
Are you suggesting she's a gay boy?
What I use as an example of a comparable condition is Schizophrenics with thoughts about things inside them. So if a Schizophrenic decided he needed to remove part of his liver to feel normal, and a good chunk of all Schizos felt the same way, does that make it okay to mutilate an organ because "it will make them feel normal"?
the arrogance is just amazing to me. these people dislike reality and don't want to contend with it.
Penis stuff, duh
They were molested by their uncle as a child. That's why they are fucked in the head
Yes. She is a woman that identifies as a man that wants to fuck other men. Its perfectly natural.
Smaller penises.
There was a South American I think that did this. He was 59, and transitioned from male to female to be able to retire at 60 instead of 65.
skin graphs arnt shocking show actual shit u faggut

Yes, they are mentally ill. I'd smash Jazz tho, turns me on.
No, men have to work harder sweety. They can’t just lay on their back and get everything handed to them.
GOT EM!!!
Fuck no, being a male is harder.
they are not the same thing or related in any way.
That tranny researcher looked exactly as I thought he would. These people are whacko, and will stop at nothing to try and trick kids into thinking they are a different sex.
Any (((doctor))) that performs that surgery should be arrested.
What is it like? Do you approve or support?
seriously tho, what does it matter if someone wants to change their sex? are y'all angry because it grosses you out? because it clashes with your morals? do you just pair them up with SJW feminist people and that makes you mad?
trying this hard to be s sperg lord, christ man go outside for a bit.
ur right
More like hanged in public
They put those meshes over the wound, keep it sterile, and spray minced skin crap made out of your skin on it. Turns into horrific scar tissue, but it "heals".
looks like sosig
did you see their teeth? absolutely disgusting. and then joking about pumping their body full of hormones, by calling them their "gender pills" or whatever. it really is just disgusting to me.
Well I'm under 30 I just wanna get muh gubmnt moneys. I just feel like getting a large group of people would make the government realise that all this is stupid and needs to be addressed
my problem starts where people act like I'm a bigot for thinking it's bizarre, or for disagreeing with their fantasy novel ideas about gender and sex. the issue is not changing their sex, it's them wanting to change society into thinking like they do.
Not gonna bite here is your you
a schizo person ripping their spleen out isnt the same as someone going thru medical treatment to fix their dysphoria.
you wish. 96% of people are straight and would reject that with a hefty kerb stomp. he could look like victoria justice but with the male chromosome he's as repulsive and unattractive as any other male. Straight guys have precisely zero interest in faggots, end of.
I agree with you. Not who you are replying to
-Abraham Lincoln
Stomp a tranny to death
HAHAHAHAHAHA
I'm pretty sure that's a fucking lauantaimakkara.
You can't talk a pedophile out of being a pedo, so we should just supply them with a child to take out their pedophilia on.
How can you not see that the mind was PERFECT, the body was COMPLETELY wrong though. This is now a handsome young man with zero mental illnesses.
10/10 post
Thats just sad. And i bet thats about the best they can do.
dead bait kys
I'm straight and I've jerked of to traps before. Doesn't make me gay. I would never act out on the idea or ever try to seek on other either.
Despite the obvious subtext and the producers' hope to normalize this horror, the average person is totally disgusted. Nevertheless, the viewer is fascinated. We're drawn further into this. The sheer naked horror of what they're saying, the blase quality with which they're saying it, it creates this brutal paradox that almost rapes the viewer's basic sense of what is decent.
No, it makes you a bi faggot, you are not heterosexual.
>comoletely disregard example and cross arms
Why would you do that?
Holy fuck why is it even legal for a doctor to mutilate someone like this
Nah I don't think you can actually be called anything other than stright unless you act on it AKA have sex with a man would be a gay act.
SBEESBEES
and it's especially important to question these things since minors are part of the discussion. just look at Jazz.... she has no sex drive, never had an orgasm, never developed properly because of what they did to her... it seems downright unethical at a certain point.
Nigga on the left looks like a gay LeVar Burton impersonator
ahahahaaha
Enjoy AIDS.
A tranny lesbian?
yeah but they don't get hard like a normal penis right?
you're bicurious, nigga.
why do you think they call them in the closet?
several chambers full of tissue... it's an amazing structure. it's not just full of fucking meat and blood.

correct, it won't have the right ventricles and arteries and veins and shit
ITS STILL NOT A PENIS YOU FUCKING WEIRDO
What can you even do with that? What is the point??
he was talking about a real penis you sperglording brainlet
But go on and muddy the issue
dummy.

Fuck you’re stupid
That looks like a cabbage patch penis
H5D8e3A8
www.sexchangeregret.com
Ohh riddle me this ohh great and powerful /b/ all it takes in one INTERNET search to understand trans port is targeted at straight men. You all are here arguing over a simple fact that trans porn is gay, well fellas jerking off doesn't mean you are gay.
What consequences are there on others?
Thank you for having a brain OP, trannies are mentally disabled.
maybe, at least im not a nigger, like you, monkey
i understand the want for this thing with trans people but what's the point of getting fake genitals if it looks nothing like the real thing, science just isn't there yet.
That's exactly why a lot of them dont do it.
mental illness. only a legitimately mentally ill person would find these surgeries to be suitable options.
how can the watch cost 0 dollars?
well thought out and delivered insult anon
maybe, but who are you to judge? you could mentally challenged aswell...
if you get off to PENIS u are FUCKING GAY my guy
ndex.html
the guy "disagreeing" in the car was obvious actor. But whoe and behold the comments on the video are disabled. Disabled comments are like admitting defeat.
You mean you cannot think of them yourself? Completely unexpected.
You can get prosthetics (some amps use them) that look very real. Not sure why they’d go thru all the pain and money to permanently fuck up their bodies
not an argument
What are the consequences? Are people gonna suffer becuase trannies are having surgery?
anyone know happened to his arm?
all of the 'I Am Jazz' videos are like that.
Masturbating is a heterosexual act pal
thats disgusting penis is darker than the rest of your skin not lighter
There's nothing to be gained from youtube comments at the best of times, and anything related to politics or lgbt issues is not going to be the best oft imes in its comment section.
I am a different anon, anon. What was the original question?
People who are lying about their gender are lying to, and in so doing harming, society at large. If for example one of these mutants were to be successful in its attempts at lying and a heterosexual man fell in love with this lie, that potentially ruins lives. Plus children are incredibly impressionable. They do not need mentally ill, suicidal men in skirts imposing the idea on their young minds that they can change gender. They cannot, no more than you can turn a pigeon into an assault rifle. This retarded nonsense would never have occurred to them had you just got a fucking grip and taken off the dress, so that's more lives ruined. Plus as a faggot, for that's what you are no matter how angry it makes you, you are absolutely riddled with infectious disease, you're more likely to be a child abuser, more likely to use hard drugs and more likely to kill yourself. Don't try to pretend you do no harm to society, you're an absolute poison, a filthy, dangerous, mentally unstable piece of shit and we'd all be better off without you or your insane, desperate type.
Nah, its not really important
Simple yes or no.
4% of 325 million Americans is still 13 million faggots, that's a lot. 4% sounds like a small number, but it's not.
But anon, their suicide rate drops after surgery, so how is it breaking or selling out the hippocratic oath? It does them good, for whatever reason.
Faggots are absolutely fucking deluded, they genuinely do not understand that heterosexual guys have less than zero interest in them, i mean it's literally fucking repulsive, absolutely never, no chance, not happening, could look identical to victoria justice, have male genes and instantly go from angelic to disgusting. This is the case for all heterosexual males on earth past or present, always will be and no amount of faggots throwing tantrums will change the fact that that's vastly the majority of the population. 96% of people in the u.s.
Whats the point of the video without opinions?
Are yousure you don't have two things?
No it's not a lot, astonishing then that you're capable of stats like these

can you cite this? I've seen the exact opposite
You wot m8.
You can fuck a man in the ass and it not be gay.
>Not a mental illness
free expression, you aren't entitled to respond to people
But anon just because you call a monkey a duck doesnt stop it from eating bananas
Medical malpractice
13 million people isn't a lot? It's 3 million more people than the entire population of Portugal
Exactly like this anon, great example!
THAT JAZZ GIRL HAS BEEN TRANSGENDER SINCE SHE WAS LIKE FUCKING 12
>focusing on the one part of the comment you feel qualified to argue with
The transgender everyone
Gender dysphoria is a direct consequence of socioenvironmental factors including non-traditional parenting (ie hard-left, hard-right, religious, single parents), as well as sexual abuse, exposure to fringe pornography or pop culture at an impressionable age that causes people to associate with outlying aspects of individuality.
a few more votes for the DUP so they no longer need the tory coalition, and you fucks are gone. Go ahead, eat all the parasites and pathogen filled shit you like, go even more insane, turn yourself into an attack helicopter, it all just hastens the Homocaust.
but yeah, it's pretty fucking insane and you have to wonder what kind of enabling was done by the mother.
retard
I think you're confusing me with a different anon, I'm not gay, I'm married to a woman, I'm not even bi, men, traps and fags don't interest me. I was just saying that 4% of the population on the US is still a fucking massive number of people.
Im just posting the picture because I thought it was relevant
That doesn't seem so weird to me because I knew a dude that turned gay only to transform into a woman and then dated women. I'm still confused about what point he was gay if he liked women though.
but did you steal the paint first? if so, then maybe
becase this act was made up by gays does me jerking off to this make me gay or straight?
But the people who made the video dont allow free expression to the extent that their control allows. Its a reflection of their beliefs.
They are ill...
Forgot to take the meds again..
you are very gay.
I'd fuck his ass.
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS
wish my penis would be that thick
But it's two females.. What about a trans fucking a female can I jerk off to that without being gay? I men straight porn is a man fucking a woman so same thing right?
is it circumsized tho
No, that's a Northern Irish party and doesn't have any influence outside of NI
No it isnt.
you're hella gay though, anon, I can just tell.
muh sides!!!!
it does look like they gave it a circ scar for some reason.
To fit in
To be transgender you need to have the mental disorder gender dysphoria.

We should let homicidals kill people. It would make them feel better

You don't think 4% (13 million people) is a lot, but everybody loses their shit and calls 5% (2 million) Muslims in the UK an "invasion"
Eat sausages
you don't care about that at all. it just upsets you because it confronts you with your own lack of manliness. prove me wrong
What the hell? Why not attach it to her forhead so she can call herself a unicorn?
Among adults who identify as lesbian, gay, or bisexual, bisexuals comprise a slight majority (1.8% compared to 1.7% who identify as lesbian or gay); women are substantially more likely than men to identify as bisexual; estimates of those who report any lifetime same-sex sexual behavior and any same-sex sexual attraction are substantially higher than estimates of those who identify as lesbian, gay, or bisexual. There are also nearly 700,000 transgender individuals in the US. An estimated 19 million Americans (8.2%) report that they have engaged in same-sex sexual behavior and nearly 25.6 million Americans (11%) acknowledge at least some same-sex sexual attraction

looks like they rolled up a slice of billy bear ham and glued it to their groin
Careful with that edge, sweetie xxxxx
>and everyone else is wrong you should be legally forced to bake my cake
I chuckled at homocaust
Asian Thread







nice trips

I'll never understand what is sexy with cheating sluts.




I wanna fuck her so bad







Fat gooks you get here








True, it is more a nice looking vag


Anyone want to help turn this into a naked fob thread? Pic related.
what a slut

https://asianbeauties.ga/

Yeesh those are some chompers
no one else has stuff to psot?













taking requests







You’re welcome


not that nice imo...

nice hairy armpits
I like Hiro.
Any Justine?
moar pls
jesus moar
keep going
New Zealand


chinese virgin girl I once fucked. Was so desperate for white guys that she was willing to meet me in a hotel asap as soon as i broke up with my gf. kept sending me lots of nudes of herself once i left




Moar? Asshole pics
This girl is insane. Like, legitimately insane. But she's got a bangin' body.




Nudes?

Only one. I had to block her after this.

How was she crazy?
She started calling me constantly, ending up near my apartment saying she got stood up by this guy(possibly fake) she'd been dating and needed a place to stay for the night. Like, I didn't even ask for any of these pics she would just send them to me and be like 'oops that was meant for this guy i'm dating'
My Japanese labia gf



that is a cute labia, im surprised its shaven though.


What kind of porn should she do?
Gangbang whete shes covered in cum by the end
She would love it, but she would probably want all the cum in her pussy and ass
Jap wife fat ass and thick thighs
More. Needs her body exposed for everyone to see

Great bod. More pussy/ass shots?


got a kik? Looks amazing
Holy quads. Post your kik ill add you
Reald0l0man
Damn I want to fuck her asshole

Are you her OP? She’s my favorite
Anyone still around and want to keep having fun with fobby Asian pussy? Pic extremely related.
Who is this semen demon and why isnt there more of her posted

Hang out for a bit, i have more of her, just need to find it in my unsorted folder, pic unrelated

she have a kik

You her op? I remember op said guys were lookin at her at the beach since that bikini barely covered shit

bunping with general nice fobby cunt
nope just saved randomly in a bread sorry
gf in Shanghai
Oh good lord, please let that be a lot more where that came from!



asian bush on/off : )


finally found one! i know there's more, stay tuned

I want to rim that ass.

Good man! Thanks!
Who is the girl you posted ? Do you have more ?
Tastes great man
Sexy, any nudes?
You're the one who wants guys to fuck his wife right? Can we chat somehow? Big fan.

She into butt stuff?
best ass....


Give me your skype and we can chat.
It's Sunday Anons, confess
gay furry porn in the past 4 days, please forgive me.
That's not too bad tbh
i've been wearing the same underpants for about a week
Cannot stop jacking off and using the lords name
I’m on /b/. In church.
i thought that's pretty standard thing to do
I don't want to lose him. I want to always be with him and I want to be important in his life. I don't want him to focus on anybody else but me.
Wore the same underpants for 2-3 years without washing them.
tit's or gtfo
I'm 25 and have made no life plans at all.
i'm 22 currently, no job, only finished high school and don't know what to do in life
impressive
do more school
u mean like studying in college?

Height: 125 cm

you can tell he's extra mad using shift along side capslock
I like spiderman
Gross loli body go ahead and roast me
Yfw age 22 is supposed to be the early norm of starting a career and getting married with kids.
Surprisingly it didn't start to smell until about one year in.
I'm telling you man, I just want it to be done and over with so I can feel like I actually do something worthwhile. I feel like I'm taking a step back in autonomy and maturity by once again going to school and I fucking can't stand it.
I am surrounded in stench every time i sit down
work hard at school now so you dont have to work as hard later
Spiderman is just gods gift for the good bois.
icanfaptothis.jpg

I think I've learned more outside of school than I have in.
Time stamp or is not real
check 'em
but ur still not happy with what ur doing
I won't write a big long thing here but I will say this: I felt the exact same way when I was entering college. I was very very wrong. Study hard because you will regret it if you don't.
I'm failing nofap so hard right now...
I live in Asia so the timezone's different. Here's a screenshot
Anon is NO PMO cuck
Forgive me father for I have sinned. I masturbate to pictures of close friends of mine. I am in a good relationship and these friends talk with me, give me hugs and often we go share a meal with them. They are good people, but I still stare at my friends pictures and mastubate furiously to them when I am home alone and out or control. Bless me father. There are demons in me.
I like mixed drinks better than beer, my father would disown me if he knew this.
I sometimes put recyclables in with the regular trash
It doesn't matter much the time but the date. Put your thread number then and date. Or is fake

POST TITS AGAIN REEEEEEEEEE
Fuck off tard.
Forgive me father for I have posted tits and let anons see em. Swear I'm not a slut on the inside
I was molested as a child and I sort of liked it
can u share it with us pls, ty
Was not expecting this, 10 more pics and you're forgiven (OP here)
Forgive Me For I Spilleth My Seed
I'm fucking crying inside. Didn't expect a fat priest to appreciate my body this much. Am blessed
I can't give up Katy Perry
it was my birthday on thursday and I didnt even bring cake to work
Alas, the electricity cut off so I had to use flash
You are forgiven
Oh my god I've never felt this kind of feeling before thank you thank you

Confess
i fuck niggers
Tits anon here. Still grinning because of you. Thanks again
im a voraphile
same here tits anon, same her c:
Hey! That sounds like me but I'm searching for a job
ry/really tiny girl hentai on my computer
I love Drake. He could shit on a plate and I'd probably still enjoy it. Like I legit love just about every song by him.

You are all heretics.... I summon the holy dubs and excommunicate the shit out of you

be my gf please

I'm so lonely
You're interesting person to hang out with ;3
priest OP again, 9 more pics until forgiven
and I'm lonley too, I'm just looking for someone I can hold hands and watch dumb movies with
If you have steam I'm always looking for friends to play/chat with? hate to see people lonely as I've been there myself
+44 7913 562404 I power wanked in school
Why did you leave your number tho
I forced my gf to get 5 abortions because I just don't like babies +44 7913 562404
are you on discord?
Again why did you leave your number
of course its Curtis#8632
Also, I play Diablo 3 offline with my cousins... I don't play games online because it's hard to find friends, real life or on the web. It hurts to be lonely
Add me we have a small server that's actually quite dope
Have a good night then ! <3 < 3
added:)
Good night folks!!
i was caught sniffing my sisters underwear about an hour or so ago by her and idk what to do about it
I think I'm going to leave my bf soon because I can't handletge lack of sex and how terrible it is when We actually do it. Didn't know he was a soy boy till he moved in.
TITS OR GET THE FUCK OUT THOT
REEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Swish your mouth out with buckshot anon, its the only way, god has abandoned you.
I stole a little weed plant from my neighbors yard and I feel really bad about it
Kill yourself roastie
I lied to join the army
Priest OP here, first rule of being a woman is show tits or B E G O N E
when do you ship out?
Forgivve me Father, for I have sinned, I stole a few Lego peaces in the time I went to the kindergarden.
I already finished basic. I'm in advanced training.
I wanna fuck my aunt's delicious ass
I'm gay ._. I'm just not a flamer and I actually prefer real men not pansies
He doesn't. he's lying NOW. lmao.
I do not find porn or sex appealing, yet I still masturbate.
I assume you say "Moot" when you cum
Already from both of your posts i know you're lying but i'll humour it Where are you training, lying fucking piece of human shit
This supports my hobbies and work supports my well being and housing
Used to do this with arrow broadheads for hunting called rage broadheads, a pack of three retails for 75 dollars and you can (or used to) be able to get 100 identical chinese knockoffs for a dollar a piece. made alot of money.
Im working on a good project right now which should get me around $1000 for around $1 worth of material
I live a good life. Good health and job, my family is awesome and my gf also. But after my dad passed last year i wanna say fuck it and leave the country, join a war and die a warriors death. I don't wanna die on my deathbed when im 90 due to cancer. Fuck this stale as life.
Yeah, it's been awhile. and recently within the last 2 years rage has changed the way they machine the broadheads to include slots in the shaft of the head, and as far as i know, this has ruined the counterfeit market entirely as its nearly impossible to replicate. they look a bit different now, but even now unless you're aware of the counterfeit problem with them (which unfortunately has become pretty know thing amongst hunters/target shooters) you could be fooled. but rage has stepped up, so i stepped down lol. The fake is on the right
I've seen female prisoners stripped naked and humiliated together. I got hard.

When I was younger I would go into apartment buildings that were being built in unsecure locations and look for shit to sell. Elevator parts are worth a ton. Hydraulic fittings in l decent shape are worth quite a bit. You’d be surprised what people leave at job sites. Only got caught one time and the security gaurd was just some rice nigger fresh off rhe boat - I just ran and never got in trouble for it.
She even fucked me on their anniversary.
fake because gay and vice versa
What was the most humiliating thing that happened to them?
I want to fuck my own mother and get off to pictures of her.
Gib pix of your mom to see if she's worth it
I’m going to have sex today, forgive me in advance
Being naked in a group and forced to look at each other naked, having to lift their boobs by the nipples, hold them, spread them, and shake them manually no matter their size, spreading their ass cheeks wide, and opening every little fold of skin in their pussies and clit hoods with everyone watching and some others making comments about their bodies and pointing out if they looked aroused.
I hate nigger
how the fuck has your dick not rotted off

what did you do with your sister? how old were you two?
s/fur!







Captain Amelia <3






I wish furry girls were real :(







I wish that was me







nice feet



They’d be the same as real girls are now though. Best to keep them drawn
>implying real girls exist



They did at one time. I don’t know what modern things with tits and no dick are anymore








Furry loli because one weird fetish is not enough




Seconded


What is this pedo shit? I was enjoying my time until you faggots arrived. Frig off to another thread, ya cunts.



Aye, that's more like it.




















I used to have a pet t. He was a good boy.






i always thought they had "hairs" that were really sticky to surfaces.



Why is it evil to say “fuck colored people” but it’s social justice and empowering to say “fuck white people?
Because when you activate your DINDU NUFFIN card it cancels out any racism.
Because of the Jews
Are you seriously this retarded?
3) Fuck white people
Cause white people suck. Honky
But it's ok to say "fuck rich people" just because they have everything they need and choose to hoard more for themselves while others are in need?
because the left needs something for their political machine to run behind. and entitled minorities thinking they matter more than any one else is just that.
Wh*Tes are glorified apes, nothing more. They we lucky we allow them to live among us humans.
Because white people can take it. They are the heroes we need, but not the ones we deserve.
cause them jews done did it the jews done made the world a shit hole
bad comparison. its not hte 1700 or 1800s any more. white people are poor too.
3) fuck every one*
Just kill the Jews and every fucking thing will return to a normal state.
god damn hypocritical leftists.

This is why i stomp niggers in my local ghetto.
it'd be funny if it didn't hurt that this is true
POC = pieces of crap
Because you're a butthurt juvenile who twists what they see into their own bias.
thanks chomsky
you mean like literally every news station, and every one ever, especially the left who twists things so much that they blatantly lie all the damn time to push their political agenda with no regard for the damage it causes
build a wall around it to contain the evil
>Thinks he's smart
Americans are the most dangerous humans in the modern era.
please enlighten the unwashed oh glorious leader

That fucking ungrateful bitch ignore the fact that a lot of white men died making sure that she didn't grow in a communist Korea.
just you. it's ok to say fuck white people to YOU, cause you need it

that kind of logic is what leftists use to cause racial division which wouldn't fucking be there if you just shut the fuck up and stop treating minorities like helpless babies.
You sure told her, Cletus.
hard to surrender when you never went to war
hate to white=OK hate to anyone else=horrible
They're too stupid to see they're still slaves, still on the plantation of the democrats. Lazy niggers are getting what they deserve.
No-one in my history's ever owned a slave or even considered slavery, yet we are EVIL WHITE MEN to all the blacks all the same. I don't get it. If we're not supposed to discriminate based on your skin color, then why the fuck is it okay for you to do it to me?
and there's the retard making the non libtard argument look bad.

because leftists want to create a racial divide so they can gain power. thats it. with out the race problem (which is an artificial one they create) they have no argument to have any office spots.

literally the entire left and all their arguments
You're just pissed because you know everything Anon wrote is correct!
But based on the myth spawned by long held falsehoods people use is as "alternative facts" to push their agenda... in this case an unsubstantiated "you owe us", "gimme gimme gimme", and "we all doin what we like cause youz guilty (of something that you're not)".
Ignore it, only cucks and black faggots think like this
its ok to be racist against whites because leftists are mentailly challenged and/or manipulative greedy power hungry fucks who want to create a racial divide which wouldn't be there with out them so they have an excuse to take government positions. they control almost all main stream media and its why things like like that. if you argue that making fun of any race for any reason is ok yet not another.... you're a fucktard. if its racist against blacks it probably is against whites, asians, mexicans, what ever hte fuck. racisim is racisim. get over it, stop being a damn snowflake thinking you're so hot being racist against the "oppressive whites" who work the same damn minimum wage bullshit jobs as you, and get less opportunity in the world because guess what, affirmative action still exists. MINORITIES HAVE BENEFITS BECAUSE OF THEIR RACE FOR GETTING INTO THINGS LIKE COLLEGE, which happens for fucking free mind you!
Congrats, you've kiked yourself wh*Tey.
This. If the left keeps black people poor and provide no jobs. they keep there voter base intact.
if he changed the word black to leftist, then yes I"d agree. but I'm not trying to be racist like the leftists and you.
Thank fuck, if it wasnt for whites and the middle east before the muslim religion turned it to shit we’d still be in the stoneage.
I have no problems being called a racist. You're not the first one. Liberals like you do it all the time. Then you started calling us Nazis and now you're calling up traitors. Blacks have ruined more than they've contributed to in our society.
which they do by providing welfare, and food stamps to minorities far more often than whites which makes them not want to get a job and get off their lazy asses which causes more and more problems. its a repeating cycle which could easily end by revoking welfare and food stamps to a much more moderate level of "I just lost my job and its taking a while to find one" type system except it actually works.
people of color and colored people means the same thing newfag
First, I'm not a libtard. libtards are idiots, Second, the only reason you have so many people like that is because the leftists keep them that way. if they keep them sitting on their butts not working, on wellfare and stuff, they have power over them. the problem isn't blacks. its the god damn libtards and leftists, and how they control the media especially.
I don't say fuck anyone, because that's rude.
I say fuck every one because I hate every faggot here and in the world equally. as one should
Mature some and you might find you don't.
Because SJWs are mental trainwrecks
faggot this is /b
Are they aware that many non white people died in that war to protect the freedom these swine are enjoying?
The land of perpetual immaturity.
It's funny when whites suffer. You just can't get it because you're white. The answer is simple but you're blinded by your racism. Your mind is using a defense mechanism to block out your awareness of just how much brutality you deserve and what you have coming to you. If your mind allowed you to be fully aware, you'd kill yourself.
more so the left just want political power and they use an artificially made racial divide to do so.
Actually got her boss fired over it.
Mental illness. Seek medical attention
libtard detected. being black or a minority doesn't make you any better than white. we all work minimum wage shitty jobs. we all live in similar over priced buildings. the racial divide is artificially created by the left. if you truely believe this, then you are literally retarded
Whites are so sensitive
I've not been to the USA in a long time. It's such a shithole country.
Stay delusional, Tyrone.
It isn't
the cities are shit. the politics are shit. the media is controlled by the left. other wise its actually ok.
Funny coming from the diseased white mind. Whiteness is a mental disorder. You don't get to pronounce people mentally ill. Bad albino trash.

outside of major shithole cities like Portland, Detroit, Baltimore, Chicago, Seattle, so on, it's not that bad. Basically, the larger the city you live in, the worse the experience.
this is the weakest trolling i've probably ever seen, are you even trying rn?
It's not 'evil' to say fuck niggers...it's simply that it's become taboo...no longer in fashion...
and this folks, is what black supremacy looks like. a combination of delusion, being controlled by billiards, and being too stupid to think for them selves.
So....you're against Race Mixing, then?
I’m white. When I was a kid my mom had me and my siblings digging through dumpsters for food, things got better after a while though. I never had any hate for black people. Does that mean I still have white privilege?
according to the left, yes.
Why would it be evil to say fuck all whites?
why would it be evil to say fuck all blacks?
Whites cling to the accomplishments of other white people which were just stolen from other cultures and popularized by whites. You can't think or accomplish anything for yourselves, you've done nothing
Would if be evil to say fuck all blacks?
I really really like that picture.
lol they think it was a white war, it's called a 'world war' for a reason. Black people died in it too.
Oh, look. It's /pol/ v. /pol/
Ping pong ching chong blacks are racist fortune cookie rice wing wong
White people have not been subjected to the same shit as non whites in the past. Saying "fuck all white people" is like calling someone a cracker.
I dunno, everyone can recieve the same amount of fucks
Nah, wh*Te genes are recessive so really mixing with wh*Tes is fine, as it dilutes your race not mine.
you're saying hte brits didn't once conqure most of hte world, they just took that from some one else? you're saying that hte majority white countries that beat germany and japan in ww2 just stole those accomplishments? the first astronaughts in space and on the moon just, rode of some one elses back?
> Not even human.
>you're saying hte brits didn't once conqure most of hte world, they just took that from some one else? you're saying that hte majority white countries that beat germany and japan in ww2 just stole those accomplishments? the first astronaughts in space and on the moon just, rode of some one elses back?
ition-is-art-not-hate-speech-court/
>It's not empowering, just retarted
to a normal person yes... but remember... we're dealing with snowflakes... leftists.... libtards... and mainstream media.
Only a total pussy would be offended by that.
its not that we're offended. its that the double standard is getting worse
guys stop the racism
And that will be the end of liberalism
honestly this entire thread has taught me that libtard is still an actual insult used by people and thats kinda fucking hillarious
Fake and gay. Take your California propoganda, and shove it up your Uretha.
Systematic racism. Racism is bad but oppressiin through a system is worse
Lol i wish

yes it is. good thing it doesn't exist in the us!
It's not racist when it is said by a black person to a white person because the white person's life is not threatened by racism. When a white person says something racist to black people, this is serious because it threatens the wellbeing of black people, it's serious.

Got it in 2
Liberals have guns too
Yea sitting in a box in their closet collecting dust, next to the dildos
What do they teach you in college?
no, no they don't. 90% don't. they're almost as anti gun as they are anti white
How does that make sense?
the point is that you can't just call every white person rich and every black person poor when the reality is we are all minimum wage working fucks trying to make it in life.
LMAO ok
I mean, I'm not even gonna bother.
Snowflakes cry to much. Stop crying op
Nah the majority just want stronger restrictions that are actually enforced. Republicans think everyone should be able to her s gun no questions asked. Even if they plan to shoot up LV
Shhhhhhh, it's okay. We'll get you your safety pin and a nice, warm cup of milk before you head back to your safe space, San Francisco native.
or you could stop pushing a double standard and accept that you're a racist POS
If it weren’t for double standards liberals wouldn’t have any standards at all
you clearly have never tried to get a gun then. the restrictions in place are already insanely strict and almost impossible and require training courses for a first time buyer. they keep yelling for more yet never say what they want more aside gun banning which won't fix any issues they yell about.
Naw. I regularly carry.
You forgot to rename your image, "Picture for ants.jpg"
Wtf are you shitting me? It took me 20 minutes to walk into cabellas and buy a gun
Actually there's a study that shows neanderthals had bigger brains, so it's possible that they were smarter in some ways.
:(.......
Fuck you, Chris Plant
Oh, so you DO have your safety pin on hand. What a handy lad you are.
You seem very baitable for someone calling people new.
look at this. the nazi actually proved his point. he calmly asked the other guy to wait and discuss his views. the other one blinded by his animal, violent instincts; incapable of a civilized interaction, punches him. sad.
you did that when? 10 years ago? even so, there's a damn good reason to allow much easier gun owner ship.
And then everyone clapped?
You must live in California
Stewpid coon...
leftists do nothing but cry

here you go OP
Being this clueless to how power dynamics work.
>Living proof of weeabo autism trash
Simple concept, complete bullshit.
There just jealous - because GOD DAMN ITS GOOD TO BE WHITE!!!!
Then it will essentially stop happening.
It's not social justice. It's just vandalism. Neither "fuck black people" nor "fuck white people" shows any kind of intelligence, just misguided rage.
being this retarded to think that racism is a one way thing
>see this proves my point
Protip: it doesn't.
Do you not understand what power Dynamics is? Of course anyone can be racist
About as intelligent as a typical Patriot Prayer vs antifa rally.
I said you assume a lot because I'm not a lefty but I'm sure as shit no cry baby snowflake.
You mean "the black man has the courage of his convictions". A black man isn't going to allow himself to be approached by a hostile enemy, that's what bitch whites do. The white man has a hateful mindset and the black man has the courage to directly confront him and show him his place. If you don't want this to happen to you, don't adopt a hateful ideology. Your ideology is "Fuck black people, fuck niggers" and you want there to be no consequences. Not gonna happen
its stupid but it doesnt reflect the views of an entire group of people
I have yet to see you come up with anything refutable other than weeb posts.
Go back to /pol/.
It should be harder to buy guns. Back ground check me all you want. I can wait two weeks to get my gun.
The libtard reign of terror is coming to an end and they know it. It only grew so large because people with empathy sided with the moral opinion. It took a while for the same people to find out that what they were siding with was a false statement intended to victimise one group of people and target another. People are getting wise to the fact that libtards are forcing people to justify false "facts" as a trap, and that if you question the "fact" there is no factual source behind it.
There are also studies showing that wh*Tes, aka apes mixed with Neanderthal DNA, weren't as social as human beings. That's why the wh*Toids couldn't work together to build a house so they camped out in caves like true apes.
They're both racist.
yes, because law abiding citizens should be punished by having more hoops to jump through from more and more regulations that some joker written on a piece of paper, because some degenerate wanted to chimp out at a convenience store just for a few $20s in the register with a random handgun.
Image shows a good reason why more guns is better than less its hard enough, back ground checks check every thing they can. what more do you want?
about a week ago I asked a new person's pronouns.. and was taken into HR for asking.
Law abiding citizens should have to worry about getting slaughtered by some pissed off incel. How is waiting 2 weeks being punished anyway?
you must live in a very shitty city. feel bad for you annon
I used to have some degree of respect for americans but now I think they're all just freaking pussies. Specially with this nigger issue. Actual generations have nothing to do with what happened to blacks a century ago, so you should stop being apologetic for it.
*Shouldnt
But you won’t ever hear a peep about that from the left. All they care about is slavery 175 years ago
you give the left an inch, they take a mile. 2 weeks will turn into 6 months.
all they care about is pushing their political agenda... which is getting as many minority voters as possible to scream racism on their behalf.
so by your logic we should just be killing niggers to deal with the problem, huh?
White people who say they don't mind blacks don't live around blacks. It's that simple. You never see whites moving into a black neighborhood. You never see a nice black neighborhood that wasn't first a white neighborhood.
Whatever. I already have all the guns I need. I'll be fine either way
>What the hell kind of country is this where I can only hate a man if he's white?
yes, but not every one has an endless suplly of fire arms. don't punish people who want them and will use them responsibly. make it eas easy as possible for those people while keeping it out of the hands of those who shouldn't have them. thing is, thats very hard to do.
Just accept that this is reality boys, and try to redpill everyone you can.

I feel like where I live is an exception to this... being white and moving into a black area... its the white trash that's the problem for me. the blacks are the nice ones.
No one is being punished. But no one should be able to rashly buy a gun; i feel this is common sense that should be enforced for the public good. Yes, I understand that this might inconvenience you. If you're a law abiding citizen, doing law abiding stuff, you don't need a gun absolutely right now. And if you do, you already fucked up somewhere along the line.
and no one can just buy a gun randomly. background checks exist, they check your history, and if you come up good you can buy it. nothing you do, no waiting for it will change the results.
Very hard to do, on top of being easily misunderstood and misinterpreted, and overshadowed.
I'm not worried about 2a ever going away. I'm not worried
It's just where the political pendulum happens to be right now. It swings back and forth. Nother lasts. If you get upset, you're playing into the hands of your corporate masters. Don't be afraid of what they tell you be afraid of.
Congressman takes 2 and turns to the white dude and says "Better watch that nigger, they steal cookies".
waiting periods reduce suicide rates too.
I know, I said its near impossible. but statistics clearly show that a more well armed population is generally just a safer one.
better mental health care reduces them as well. same goes for school shootings.
So, buying a gun for the sole purpose of self-defense against a criminal who's after you for Today's Victim means that I somehow fucked up somewhere along "the line". Did I read this correctly?
Congressman takes 2 and turns to the white dude and says "Better watch that nigger, I think he'
Lol America can even get universal health Care to happen. What makes you think anything would happen for mental health?
what disability do you suffer from
Society collapsed a quite a long while back and people are only just realizing it now. It will take some time but we're on the path to fixing this mess. Just be a little patient and try to stay safe till then.
>t. butthurt loser who's really mad about being called a monkey
lets ruin it

firearm crime/death will never go down to zero. We must all accept this. Policies and laws and whatnot are meant to reduce risk. We should take all reasonable measures to do this. wait times reduce damage caused by impulsive, mentally unfit individuals being able to use acquire firearms. it take more than a few hours to determine if someone is fit to own/buy a gun.
Just out of curiosity, who’s “we”?

Define evil.
>being this much of a retarded phoneposter
DING DING DING
perhaps, but some times some one needs a gun faster than within 2 weeks for legitimate purposes.

some people seem to be unable to understand the concept, but this is actually just regular old racism.
And why would someone need that faster? Like, if someone breaks into your house do you rush to the store to get a gun and come back to protect yourself?
Once everyone has a gun, this is no longer true. Wait times are stupid.
As an adult, I understand that it might take time, multiple days even, to get my death dealing instrument of destruction and plinking. i plan my life accordingly.
Think that's stupid, look at the wait time of getting a Tax Stamp from ATF...
Do you really think it's realistic for everyone to have a gun?
Sounds rather specific but it happens. especially if said person who's making threats is a family member of the only local judge.
It's not and you know it. Now go fuck off, you sad attempt at an agitator
niggers are not human
there are more guns than people in america so.... it *could* happen. and if it did, a lot of things would probably solve them selves.
exactly. gun violence can never be eliminated, but it can be reduced by making it harder to get firearms and improving funding for mental health services. chip away at the problem from multiple points.
Only in your mind bigot.
Where do you work nigger?
I know. But do you think it's realistic that everyone in California would get a gun?
Talk to me about that when universal healthcare is figured out
Yeah, already did that, because I have a clean record. Though it took me a full week to get my handgun, because the dipshit clerk forgot to send in the paperwork after setting and forgetting in the paperwork bin. Sorry, your opinions mean little to me.
>The stories and information posted here are artistic works of fiction and falsehood
Actually, mental health services are really all that need changed. guns are hard enough to get as it is. Because (correct me if I'm wrong) mental health is part of the background check.
have.... have you never watched the news in the past 2 years? or seen any thing a libtard says?
I hope to christ you meant to say kikes otherwise you're no better then OP who should have said niggers instead of coloreds.
no, but if that happened I garuntee California would enter a miniature civil war ending with all the state officals being killed off for how stupid they are.
Drawthread
Requesting Lilith from Monster Musume giving anon a blowjob, POV from the anon getting the blowjob. All while getting fucked from behind by dog, doggystyle, with her being impregnated by the dog.
What do you think? I'm still new to using my phone for drawing but I think it turned out well
Requesting
Requesting a loli farting into a box
Requesting a drawing of "I can't believe it's not butter!" but with the text "I can't believe that ain't falco!". Bonus points if you include the avatar pic on the label.



Danke. Friend's character, actually. Posting to try and keep thread bumped (and hoping someone is interested in taking a crack at drawing her)
and last pic I have

Sauce on your friend's character?
The pics are by ScorpDK, but the character's an OC
Requesting young Link fucking an Inkling girl
Where can I find more of that person's art?
Is there anything more satisfying than a morning bowel movement?
Furaffinity, Deviantart (that might've shut down I don't recall) and probably some other places - otherwise, idk, google ScorpDK
Thanks.
Requesting a sexy feminist girl with blue-dye in her hair and something antifa related, mockingly saying how she loves to bathe in white male tears. Only to be showered in cum in the next frame with her stating that this is not what she meant.
bump a dump
If you're bumping a dump.... then why not,

seconding
Artfags still around?
I wonder whatever happened to SHI? When were they last here?
>Tfw you witness the death of /b/ drawthreads
>Tfw you're new to joining, was enjoying what you were seeing recently and they die right after
It's okay though. I still love you. Even if your father doesn't.
it's alright
/r/ some cute cats
3161/#776039930




you made these?
yeah bud
pretty nice, you got some potential
The meme magick flows through us all in these days
God has left the server
(still thanks man!)
>Tfw too intelligent for drawthreads
indeed it does, indeed it does
Beast ok?
can you draw a can of smaller cans?
CANcell this post
are you lost by chance, traveler?
I'm sorry.
beast ok?
sup nier, can you draw me a cute milf hugging a lamppost while wearing a chef's hat?
cute cat for you
what's the deal with the milf with the chef hat tho? btw give ref of what u have in mind as a cute milf please (I just don't wanna come up with my kind of milf)

Requesting Anon burying his face in turkey harpy's big butt, giving her a nice squeeze too
just some random jumble of thoughts came up with that req, I'll try to get a ref for her in a sec
This please?
here's the ref
That'll be $64.
yo can someone draw this bitch gettin her titties sucked
Counter request, can I get paizuri with her?
64 is to overpriced
Enjoy your box of nothing then!
Not the OR actually, but 64 for one character is too much, and show art

I don't understand this thread meme or why is gets directed at me.

>brb gotta kill that fucking sniper that keeps pointing a laser to my screen
yes it is for a single character
the fusion makes for a great ass though, like what you just made. OR. While her head is still a sketch, you got her body down very well. Thanks for the delivery!
ReQuesting Teen Titans GO lewds in TTG! style
and I guess what milfs are can be subjective


requesting guy fawkes meeting modern day members of anonymous

The leg is fine?
which one
show butt
Rate my drawing
The left one.
its still there
hey guys check out my 4
Now that we are sure your leg is fine, are you taking any req?

a fine ass
i'll admit im just tryina get a feel for drawing again cause works been a timesink
what would you like to order?
those with the phattest of asses are taxed by gluteus maximus volume
May i have a muderfucking uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh burger

Can you draw a girl taking a bath in a river?
intermeresting
SAUSAGE
i think u mean dick
hair wash or something
I really like it
Would you like do a req with sliglty more details or this is the level for today?
Can you draw a master chief? Maybe master chief smoking some keif
for some reason doing a picture with more than one subject makes my anatomy get all fucked
take a huge ass bong toke
-slurp-

is that a kind of cheese
ey look a pp
best draw so far
haha peanus weanus
capri sun is where iz at.
i think its good to go next with the things in the focus point of your scene and then add everything else around it
How about a little more?
oh that's fine. She's looking good! new face gave me a chuckle. Will look forward to seeing her done.
powdered gatorade is where it’s at
/r/ing this elf-orc kid playing with this dragon loli
Can you draw star butterfly fucked in the butt?

Also reqs i guess
Thanks for teh tip
Have both ejaculating into her mouth!
A girl from a pedo show
If you are sucking them, and they cum, does the knot can get stuck in your mouth?
(also hi boys, I never had coolaid, explain how it tastes please )
No, the mouth is too big an orifice for a knot to get stuck in.
Draw a giant crow eating a girl in a car.
how are you?
What if it is a really big dog
Hi, SHI, just saying someone has been searching hard for you for a request & question so keep your eyes peeled for them.
can you draw tapeman wearing a cape?
do this
Please and thank you. God bless
yo can i get you to draw me and my friend?
Do you remember at what time it was? It's okay if not.
1628/#776122773
good to hear you're sorting things out at least, how's the tablet?
yeetn’t
Also, thanks for keeping note of it!
You're welcome, glad to help both of you.
mouse drawings make my forearm cramp
hope you have fun with it!
Draw a big guy eating a big pizza
Requesting a cute bee
lol found this while looking for reference images
That's a big crow.
>request?
I take a long time to draw but this one is on it's way
did i miss anything i went to the store
You exploded.
you sucked my toes
hi thread
Could you draw the blonde giving a sloppy blowjob like the reference to the futa punk girl?
outside is hot, inside is thot
what are you
the cashier tried to give you the sausage but you left to go to the store.
It's hot here too.

So take off all your clothes
that is is
Do you draw anthro/scalie?
Do you mean it's hot, like fire, or it's HOT, like you would fuck him? The answer to both is yes.
let me take your temperature for a second. wow, it is hot.
Do you pot your art anywhere else?

Kermit the frog buying groceries.
>what are you
Here. Underwater you will stay cooler.
drawthread check out my FLY NEW SHOES
Doing some requests. Nothing lewd tho -w-

Draw a leg stump with the wound just below the knee.
https://0x0.st/s4H6.jpg
Thanks, I also appreciate the humour.
draw something adorable
seconding
ok cool

Requesting Trump as a JoJo villain
Not possible
Would Pence or Putin be his stand ?
so - any requests?
help i want to fuck the dragon

draw a breakfast cereal themed after your favorite oc
I'm working on it.

I saw your art in a few past threads. DO you have a name?
Requestig dead meme
That's... very little.
whytho
break the news to me doc am i gonna make it
just look at the smug bastard how could i not want dragon ass
He said *all* of your clothes.
Both. Putin would be a manlet and Pence would be a creepy Palpatine-looking lanklet
Make me regret wanting to frot with you.
FB/IG fap thread 2
Who wants to fuck her?





let's see their feet!








more face op


dont have


Love tight blondes




just dump












She's nice





need more pawgs






More of that big tittied girl please
post some skanks
look at her


Ass please





Dumb college whore


kik me at rayico if u want me to cum on your girl (6inch)


best i got


















hawt id lather her in olive oil

tiddies


more face in hd?








On my way to getting drunk. I have around a gram of weed, would it be dangerous to smoke it since ive been drinking?
No i'm always high weed is generally harmless
try injecting those marijuanas in your bloodstream
Weed and alcohol is a powerful combo that should not be underestimated. But yeah it's safe just don't get too fucked up or you'll get the spins
You will only get super drunk if you smoke weed and drink
1 gram alone in a short time might not be a good time if you haven't smoked before
Smoke and drink at the same time, drinking THEN smoking makes you spin out... but spinning out can be pretty fun so long as you don't puke everywhere.
If you get too drunk b4 you smoke it might give you the spins but Ithaca than that nothing to worry about
But smoking when I am totally hammered.. this is a recipe for a bad trip. Last time I started shaking uncontrollably. It pissed me off more than scared. After 5 minutes of sitting with closed eyes and trying to stop it I went to sleep.
Nerve gas
Depends on how often you did drink and smoke at the same time. When i did it the first time it was horrible but nowadays i do it every weekend
bruh you could literally being doing heroin instead of drinking and it's be less harmful or dangerous; that's just not a very good metric... Maybe a better question would've been "How am I gonna feel about smoking this pot drunk?"
it would be wasteful if youre already gonna get drunk, just save your weed
the weed is much safer than drinking, with weed you just get high, with alcohol you can get drunk and stupid & belligerent
No you idiot noob bitch baby. Take a bar or two with it
your liver will propably give out. Good luck
YES, YOU WILL DIE DONT DO IT OP
If you aren't used to weed do not do it alone
Weed before beer your in the clear. That saying is so true. Your world will start spinning if you smoke too much so take it easy

you will literally die.
Weed is pretty easy on the liver actually and probably has some therapeutic effects.
inge-drinking-study.html
...But I don't think you could handle it; given your anxiety about smoking a little weed.
If you practice moderation you can handle anything.
trips of truth
you wish
You'll be fine, barring some kind of physiological abnormality which prevents you from efficiently processing alcohol or some shit.
that's what fags say. It's not like I am taking cock str8 in.. It's gradual..Little by little
you wish,he wished,you freaklord
If you're drunk* and smoke some weed
“It is possible that marijuana may have some neuroprotective properties in mitigating alcohol-related oxidative stress or excitotoxic cell death.” The scientists noted that such protection has already been shown in lab and animal studies.
I know right I have a few friends who dont even wanna smoke while me and my buddys are tripping on l having the time of our lives
Not chemically, no. However you'll increase the likelihood of both throwing up and passing out and that's generally not a good combination. Consume safely and have fun.
This is accurate.

I always get extra anxious when I combine those two
Nothing to worry about buddy, how would a gram of pot harm you? Just have in mind your level of tolerance and how high you are while smoking so you don't get too high. But most importantly don't get too drunk.
being high does not make throwing up in a bathtub any more fun
fuckin weeb cuck boi just smoke heroin you'll be fine
I do it daily.
Highschool was a crazy time.
26 – 4 x 5 + 8 ÷ 2
Written in that way, you go left to right
10. Multiplication and division are on the same order and then you add and subtract from left to right. I feel sorry for america education system if you have to question that
PEDMAS
26-20+4 = 10
Subtract, 26 - 14 = 12
these new diet coke commercials are fucking gay, prove me wrong.
26 - 20 + 4
>4x5=10
retards
shit fucking hell
Uh oh we got some different answers here
I knew I this would cause a shitstorm
dumdum
Subtract, 26 - 24 = 2
look at this complete faggot

That’s wrong you know
parenthesis exponents.
it's 10 you fucking millenial retards
fucking makes no difference, amerishit
shut the fuck up European
That's it, I am out, you are all retards
PEMDAS RETARD
26-20= -6 +4= -2
retarts ITT
This guy has it right. Thanks, Dave!
Your as much of a dumbass as him. You got from left to right. It’s -2

it's 59
this is correct
you add or subtract based on which one comes first left to right.
4 x 5 = 10? You must be retarded
its 10 it seems most of you are wasting / wasted time at school
THEY TEACH YOU HOW IN SKOOL
The answers is 2
No you follow the acronym, not which comes first in the equation. The acronym denotes the importance of the order of operations.
Google has spoken
BIDMAS
------
Sorry man your teacher was an idiot. Its done left to right for like operations. Division and Multiplication work in opposite of each other so they are a like operation and then done left to right. As are addition and subtraction.
It's simple, if no brackets or exponents are present its multiplication or division in the order they appear from left to right, then addition or subtraction in the order (left to right) they appear, so 10 is the answer
Correct.
lol that made my day
The answer to this equation is 2.
lmao i hope you realize you're kinda stupid by now
its 10 faggots
PEMDAS bitch! Parenthesis, Exponents, Multiplication, Division, Addition, Subtraction, in that order, queer. The answer's 2
You fuckin' serious bro? It shames me that you were the first to respond to this, and the fact that I'm sure you so certain you were correct that you didn't give it a second thought before posting
Barenthesis eben
be mindful that I don't actually use it like this. I use PEMA instead of PEMDAS to not confuse the order. People who actually need the gudance above are retarded
26-16=10
Your all fools it’s obviously Abraham linkin
Faggots
Hint: subtract 26 from both sides... Then add it back... The math will be clear (fuck the left to right shit) The answer will be 10.
ffs... *if it
its fucking 2
X = 10
PEMDAS motherfucker do you speak it
You can't ignore the minus sign...
Or e = mc^(gofuckyourself)
“Why go to sleep if you’re just going to wake up? Why make your bed if you’ll just get back into it? Why make money if you’re just going to waste it? Why love anyone if it’ll all just fade away one day?”
“Why not”...
You are homo erectus
This is definitely amateur.
Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked.
How many years is he getting in prison?
None. When has a disgraced ex president ever do jail time
In 2020 he'll be sentenced to another 4 years in the White House if that's any consolation.
i think 20, 30, 40.... 50, perhaps 60 i see him doing 70... years in prison i gotta tell ya

it is pretty funny how he shit on lebrons retarded nigger ass. stay in your lane 75 iq.

hey, thats me
The more America prospers, the more liberal craziness gets shat out all over the internet.
I WANT TO FUCK AMY ROSE
good for you
your really aspiring for greatness here anon
You are a pirate!
tag me in bro
straight shota bread








straight?! what are you, some kind of sick deviants



















https://youtu.be/2Rf769fSK-M




source?

Straight shotas deserve love and delicious incest too
you have my bump mate




fresh content







Waited for this thread, lovely.



that looks painful

How do ppl make these?












I don't know. I never understood the fetish for niggers.
My favorite kind of /ss/, wonton older women showing scared young boys the joys of an orgasm
It's better with the SHIIIT!s

Oh yeah bro post more muzzie ones
Well if youre into Monster Girls Violating shotas i recommend you some Visual Novels like Monmusu Quest! or Violated hero
Needs to be more Nami x Shota.
example



more please



Too bad that in real life woman who would do this usually smell like cat pee and stale cigarette smoke
Any good SS 3d comics?





I choose to believe Momotaro having sex with Nami and Robin is canon.









Does Michael Jackson approve of this?


oQqlygQs

He was on the other hand rather fucked in the head from hormone blockers, it was a small miracle he had normal kids.
aaannnnddd saved!
midgets ≠ shota
Screen cap video, apply filter for plastic look, add text bubbles.

Goriland is awesome


IMHO MJ's issues came from him having excessive responsibility at an early age, him being raised a Jehovah's Witness and near constant media scrutiny. He spent the majority of his adulthood trying to reclaim the childhood he never got to have
Yeah, I agree. You are pretty spot on with the reasons he is so eccentric and all that.








Tiny nig boys make me so horny
faggot
https://youtu.be/ngtk2oz50Z4?t=88
What she do?
I’m on 17 days of no fap, I almost just came in a bar bathroom, fuck you.
Haha found her yesterday, believe me she knows exactly. That lewd slut does everything for her firty asmr money
WTF ARE THOSE VIDEOS RELATED TO THIS?
t86Anpdg wtf is this??
With my dick now
this is clearly the wrong side of youtube

I didn't know this was a thing. And I did not know I would like it so much.
im think the FBI gonna kick my door in a few minutes for posting this fml
SBEESBEES
>Youtube
She probably has an idea, but no understanding of what it might entail.
Let's dispel with this fiction she doesn't know what she's doing. She knows exactly what he's doing.
And that is seriously on YouTube...


that was a great blowjob
She knows APPROXIMATELY what she is doing !
nice to know where your minds at

Ha, silly you. There are much „worse“ things on youtube
wtf is wrong with them
Please stop !!!

She just enjoying her loli, the fuck is wrong with you
neck yourself pedo
what is with this asmr shit? why is it suddenly so popular? it makes me cringe after like 5 seconds.
kWDcmPic
Wtf she's like under 16. Fucking pedos. Disgusting.
Imagine asmr with my cock
Does she do bananas?
Fucking pedos. How could anyone get off to the idea of removing a little girl's clothes and licking her tiny body all over, nibbling her neck and kissing her adorable little nipples? Only a heartless monster would think about her cute girlish mouth and tongue wrapped around a thick cock slick with her saliva, pumping in and out of her mouth until it erupts, the cum more than her little throat can swallow.The idea of thick viscous semen overflowing, dribbling down her chin over her flat chest, her tiny hands scooping it all up and watching her suck it off her fingertips is just horrible. You're all a bunch of sick perverts, thinking of spreading her smooth slender thighs, cock poised at the entrance to her pure, tight, virginal pussy, and thrusting in deep as a whimper escapes her lips which are slippery with cum, while her small body shudders from having her cherry taken in one quick stroke.I am disgusted at how you'd get even more excited as you lean over her, listening to her quickening breath, her girlish moans and gasps while you hasten your strokes, her sweet pants warm and moist on your face and her flat chest, shiny with a sheen of fresh sweat, rising and falling rapidly to meet yours.It is truly nasty how you'd run your hands all over her tiny body while you violate her, feeling her nipples hardening against your tongue as you lick her chest, her neck and her armpits, savoring the scent of her skin and sweat while she trembles from the stimulation and as she reaches her climax, hearing her cry out softly as she has her first orgasm while that cock is buried impossibly deep inside her, pulsing violently as an intense amount of hot cum spurts forth and floods through her freshly-deflowered pussy for the first time, filling her womb only to spill out of her with a sickening squelch. And as you lie atop her flushed body, she sighs breathlessly and her fingers dig into your back as she feels your cock hardening inside her again. You're all sick.
Don‘t you wish your daughter would enjoy her candy as well?
fucks sake. the fucking pedo at the end too lmao. my fucking sides
YXYyLUQI
85HOLOvQ
pasta bitch ass nigga
It is disgusting anon, such ppl. Make me so sick.
People say that kids don't do sexual stuff. Is that a cope mechanic so that they believe kids have innocence? Give me a fucking break.
>THE FUCKING THUMBNAIL
Convince me then please.
and this is why you monitor your kids browsing history
Heys guys!
Link or never happon
She needs dick shapes lollipops
thank you now my boner is gone
literally nothing - the video

surely there has to be porn of anal sluts like adriana chechik shoving these massive gummy worms up their asses. any got some links?
nQqRg3n8
We need to lower the age of consent to 12.
that shit aint real is it
This is not right
to be honest, seeing someone else's daughter doing a video and I'm thinking blowjobs, but if my daughter was to make a video like this it probably wouldn't even dawn on me. I'd just think it was silly nonsense. Ofcourse this little girl looks like a freaking supermodel.
looks legit
No you dipshit, it is biologically impossible.
you kinda look retarded tho anon.......
It's no different than listening to someone chewing. Drives me up the fucking wall.
i love the sounds of chewing
Therefore muslims prefer goats.
https://youtu.be/j5vM3vJUioc

I ain't clickin that shit nigga

scared of youtube gay ass nigga
http://www.youtube.com/feed/history
its gone?!

Well that was quick, it was there 4 minutes ago.
A white knight are on the move
some faggot from THIS THREAD reported it
UK sloots thread


Do japanese girls want white guys even if they're fat horrible unfuckable ogres?
Probably not there just like Indians they prefer to stay in their own ethnicity. But then again you have sum chick that could care less so flip a coin and there’s you’re answer.
I don't think any girls just don't care about what a guy looks like.
If you take up Sumo wrestling and get good at it, yes.
are you in japan fagit? i bet you are just a forever alone weeaboo
No dude. If you're a neckbeard loser where you live. You'll be a neckbeard loser in Japan. They're pretty wise to the western loser coming to asia to find love routine.
I just wasn't sure. I don't like fat white girls but I do like fat asian women so I was wondering if they have similar fetishes.
kill yourself fagit , does that help ?
Don't 404 on me.
Nobody wants to be with somebody that you describe as a fat horrible ogre. Not even another fat horrible ogre. Unless that fat horrible ogre was rich or had something substantial to offer that would negate the fact that they are a fat horrible ogre.
Especially if you're a fat unfuckable ogre. Shrek is really big in Japan and Japanese women line up to get their swamps plundered by ogre cock.
True true. I don't think I'm bad looking when I'm in shape. I'm just fat as fuck. I need to start running every day again.
You'd have better luck in the Philippines.
I definitely prefer Eastern Asian girls but I have no problem whatsoever with Southern Asian girls. Nice.
Are you American?

How though?
call the suicide prevention get help
Stop smoking weed and get help.
do like 3 tabs of acid and go on a life changing trip
Drink bleach
kys and get help
The days are the same because you make them the same, do some volunteering mate it'll shake things up a bit for ya
what do you do? NEET, uni, pizza delivery?
I enjoy music and eating out.
Fuck it just do it, the great unknown has to be better than this shit.
also dude, try cutting down on weed. that has been a big issue in the past for me and it might help you too. i'm not saying stop entirely but if you're high all day everyday try cutting down to just smoking after like 6 or 7 pm. then try cutting down further to only smoking 2 or 3 nights a week. you'll feel more clear headed but most importantly you'll find yourself doing more to benefit yourself (like the things i listed above). south park sums it up really well when randy tells stan that weed isn't necessarily bad, but it can make you feel okay with doing nothing when you should actually be out developing new skills or being productive.
none of your ancestors got here easily and neither should you.
Go to a pub by yourself and try to be the best one you can be and maybe get some friends
get a job faggot
How old are u? 12?
I have a job thanks
I’m 17
Just get tinder on your phone and stop being a faggot
stream it
Just do it already, stupid attention seeker. Stop being a bitch, and do it
Get a life!
b&, sage
even tho hanging myself sounds good too.
Also stop being such a faggot, get off the weed.
If you're gonna do it, inconvenience people as much as possible. Take out a huge loan, use that loan to buy tools for destruction of private properties (cherry bomb toilets, potato exhaust pipes of parked commercial vehicles, etc). Buy a pistol to kill yourself and keep it on you and be ready to use it if you get caught.
Do it, kill yourself, go on a train track, when you see the train cumming, put your neck on the trail and wait to see what is on the otjer side. Total blackout or the fucking eternal bullshit hell
also, would you tell us their names, if you want to disclose?
They’re the reason I haven’t done it yet.
Same bro except i have friends that smoke me out everyday for free.
At least you have a job fucker imagine no job, no girlfriend, no money just wasting your life away everyday. Literally had a panic attack yesterday from nowhere fuck this shit man.
I saw that u have 4 dogs, please don't end your life because imagine how they would feel : ( they would try licking your dead body to wake you up and if you never come back to your house one day they will lay in your clothes waiting for you.
The world is your oyster anon
Which I mean is fine I know I don’t matter to anyone but like shit hurts
Do a flip, faggot.
Kek. They're not gonna solve his problems. They're just gonna prevent the only solution.
THEN off yourself knowing that you will have progeny as well as having raised the IQ of Africa by some infinitesimal amount.
Do it, help the humanity, you are useless to the society
Good luck op. I count on you.
???? Why would he make more niggers? Are you out of your mind?
Don't fall for it/ Do not sympathize. It's the Jews
Mixed girls are the future anon
if your gonna do it i cant stop you. frieght trains are usualy a painless option.
Don't kys out of boredom, or do it and don't come here talking about it, also, if you kys, try to make it look cool, your corpse can be in the news, how great is it?
>I don’t know how I’m gonna do it

Take your archaic bullshit somewhere else, Mohammed.
If you think about doing suicide, sell all your shit and go to some cheap country, do drugs, fuck hookers and everything that you havent got balls to do.
You know what eventually happens? The potato shoots out.
Talk for yourself, never will I even look to an African unless it's talking to me
>gotta wait a few weeks for a passport
Here, dont post ever again about it.
Imma drown myself in a creek
How do one out of one hundred people achieve to survive when they shot themselves in the head? You have to be retarded to blow your jaw off or miss the brain
you already are if yo shoot yourself
if you dont care about about your parents/friends then by all means kills yourself, theres numeral benefits of being dead
shit did i even use this world correctly ?
Hey anon don't kill yourself. You can't smoke weed if you're dead and weed is pretty good. Stay strong smoke weed
Congrats, you have fallen into the antisocial pit of habitual THC consumption.Stop smoking for 2 days and go to a bar or something man, you'll be alright.
Why would you take a permanent solution to a temporary problem? Pain is temporary, hold out and get some help brother.
I don't think any of them know you though
As someone who works with related stuff, just a reminder that many of those are false Some due to not being specific enough.

Pain is temporary, then you pass out and die.
Join the military. You'll make friends for life. And no 2 days will be the same
If youre jewish please kill yourself.
I’m not luckily
Go to the microwave and their should be a battery behind it, if you conmect the two ends it should give a shock strong enough to kill a horse. And it makes it look like an accident (fixing that bitch). I heard from other anon, can anyone confirm?
I care about you. I've been there. My dad walked in the room when i was going to hang myself. She lay between my legs on the chair. She saved my life. I was feeling exactly how you were feeling. It gets better. But you need to push through. Talk to someone. Every good person has a place in this world. If you feel like you're really going to do it, please admit yourself to a psychiatric ward. There is no shame in it.
Stop smoking weed for a few months, order high purity DMT and vaporize a fuck ton of it in one go. That'll give you a new perspective of life. It will be fun, perspective changing, and will give you an experience you will never forget.
Your dad was a transgender?
Pics of tranny dad?
Where is it ordered? I'm too much of a lazy negroid to extract it myself.
Numerous*
Sometimes things are bad op, but nothing lasts forever.
When did b\ begin to die? OP just show your tits if you're gonna act this big of a women
Deep web. Only order from higher rated sellers on more popular markets.
yeah if hes a dirty jude hes should die
Fuck I meant dog
you should take up drinking
I meant dog
Go for the high score, Anon.
bitch why are you thinking of killing yourself? Who would take care of the dogs? You love you at least a little by your very biology, and they love you because you're the one being they scream at in the open void to give them sanctity and, unlike certain other sources, you give said sanctity to them. By that metric, you're more powerful than God Himself.
M　O　D　S
Go to a fucking church and, regardless of your initial beliefs, make friends. Pretend to be part of them. Walk away if you think they're pieces of shit; you're not contractually obligated to keep going to said church forever. Even if you're not Christian (Speaking as an atheist), being able to talk to other people about something you find important is borderline necessary for the human psyche.
suicide seems pretty selfish, how are people in your life going to feel? and if you dont have a hobby, nigger get a hobby and if you dont have friends atleast try to make online friends then play CS GO, PUBG idk
Apparently some kids in Spain ruined this cave painting worth approximately $10,000
This is why we can't have nice things...
>prove to me you know the truth about Q in 3 words or less
bump, because im seing this shit in google when i type 4chan in it and i have no idea what you niggers did, so i am most curious
stay out
Boomer kekistan
No words needed
why the fuck are you googling 4chan though?
PSY OP
ojhhfst upohvf nzbovt
either way thats how i found out the pedo rick and morty thing, i have no idea where these threads come from
tin foil faggots
Pics You Should(n't) Share









fuckin A that's a perfect pussy






http://vu.fr/yqN



Sure thing

mmm, thank you, delicious!
yes!!!!
Kik me lasmontanna




Thanks. That's my girl. Been with her for years now. I have a few more I've shared on /b/ a couple times now.


nice hangers, more
Hope is that you?
That ass is PHAT! moar?
Perfect
Very nice






ex gf, interest?
Do not stop, my man.
interest?
you like her?

japanese ex

I like her a lot, dude.

Good shit keep dumping bro






Full nude
holy shit that room is disgusting










Nice. Keep going pls
More skin on this shot. She's on the petite side to say the least.






I'd fuck and gape that fat ass of hers. You can't deny that she would look good on her knees, face down into the floor and with a cock loosening her ass up using her as a slut piece of shit filling her with cum.

Such an awesome cleavage. Your gf?
As a shoulder guy, those are nice shoulders

https://t-e.link/4d60001c-ffa
pound her
fuckbuddy

Beautiful more please
Nice. How old?

Love it. Age?
Without hesitation.
more and I share mine
Lovely







Sweet. Could you show more face?
http://vu.fr/yqN
Your girl?
Have another
Horny slut gf riding
This cunt is a chubby slut. Even more so than in the pictures. love it.


Is this girl's name Lexi by chance?
nah, 4chan d/l


Great ass. Since what age do you fuck her?



no face, I have whatever else you want though


what is love /b/?
no more
Jewish tricks
or is that a dead meme
It's dead don't worry anon
is it possible for a machine to love an alligator?
How does it feel to not be as rich as me lmao
sho me ur setup bruv
I dunno, probably the same as it feels to spend so much money on a meme hoodie that looks awful
How does it feel to dress like a manchild wigger?
You certainly are wealthy when it comes to sneakers and hoodies.

happymerchant.jpg
i'm probably richer than you. just because you spent a paycheck on clothes instead of rent doesn't mean your rich.
Feels good
You mean how does it feel to not be as rich as your parents?
How does it feel to unironically wear supreme and bape like a 14 year old faggot who thinks he knows anything about fashion?
when all you buy is trendy memes to appear cool, and have no personal style of your own
your taste is garbage. nothing you are showing makes you stand out and the items you do possess are fucking ugly.
2.5k shoes actually LUL
This isn’t even a quarter of my closet and it’s worth 10k LMAO
Made it all on my own
who is this cuck who posted this for the 3rd time?
Where do you shop? iOffer? Lmao
I don't get it. Am I supposed to be impressed? Jealous?
Please help me name my new dog.
if digits, picklejuice
PTSD Harry
The dog with the red hair or the dog with the white hair?
second this
Diglet
shitstain
Spooge
Fuckhead! (Whistles). Come here, Fuckhead. Good Fuckhead.
his name is Jeff
4 bones
Bunions
Millie thread.




penis bump

thats a terrifying picture
It‘s a nice pic, wtf is wrong with b
bumpy penis

she's hella pretty

Keep going

Who is this qt? love the way the camera angle is so she is looking down at you in such a loving, compassionate way


Sooo you've never seen stranger things or the new godzilla movie trailer?
literally who?
More pics of millie plz


I can tell she wants smoochies

I want to give millie my cummies

She's 14, you fucks, especially you
she has do be drugraped by now right ?
WHY DOES SHE LOOK LIKE A 35YO WOMAN???
Don't post the same shit over and over


Sundays is the only day I don't wrekt.
Summerfags, I swear



Jazz sure made Uncle Phil angry this time
Also checked
>Posts repost old gif complaining about old reposts
calm down Celo

Cringe
the same shit
the same shit
the same shit
the same shit
the same shit
the same shit
>Cringe intensifies
the same shit
the same shit
the same shit
And that was how he earned his street name "Ruben, chuck a nigger, Freeman".
the same shit
Funny Detector: Not Funny
the same shit
Funny Detector: Not Funny
the same shit
The cringe never stops
Checked the checked
out of this garbage thread, later newfaggots
the same shit
THAT GIRL'S FAMILY IS STILL MOURNING HER YOU FUCKERS!!
the same shit
the same shit
Girls you know


back with her



facial?

School mate


this girl again
great, keep her coming, sluttier the better


chunky little fuckmeat, moar!
what makes you think shed take a facial?


she looks like shed do anything for some dick


highschool friend

pretty true

Kik me for more of her; misslaurenbooty

She's cute
such a good slut


friend of mine
probably last

go on!!!!

how to tank top....go on
yep. loves cum
bodyshots?
She knows how to everything... Easily the hottest girl I graduated with



post all,bless my eyes im tryna see dat a$$
the best

more on black

any videos? did u cum all over that ass?


impossible not to





i know her.... lol you are done
what a masterpiece. give all you got

never!
damn, those tits are impressive! I think I require more of this fine specimen









Post more then, if you are so sure

yeah yeah. im sure you do
who is she? how you know her?

Ex gf friend, 100% is her. Sending this thread to her lol



this guys full of shit



Are family members allowed?
First proof: he didn't keep posting
Is she from MA








Well she's got a doppleganger in MA then

when did you date this girl?
so fucking hot

she's from Rio, but show me the doppelganger





Sluts Rebecca and emily


Don't have any photos. Girl who used to go to my Uni and was friends with my ex. We went clubbing together. Spitting image though.
Sarah and Angela
not proof. plus more was posted


Jennifer the VP of Neal hamill agency
dude, these pictures have been around forever. if you dated her and are just finding out i feel bad for you


Keep em coming!












definitely is cute
second proof...?

Messed up
hows that going?

she likes showing those fun bags off
do you have n00dz by any chance?
amazing

defiantly

you wouldn't have anything with more skin would you?
Showing off a bit of nip here. Thats the best ive got so far unfortunately
damn. She does have a nice ass though too
Friends big sister

Looks like a great fuck.


Keep goin!!
Yes, I know her.

No doubt

gorgeous


Tasty MILF I used to play with. Had to cut her out because the bitch is one of those Alex Jones morons, and I didn't want the stupid rubbing off on my dick. Had a 4some with her and a couple friends of mine at a fetish party one night.



hurr durr durr. i know her too omg i went to school with her


More of her sucking dick?!
Where she from I think she was my professor??
Cute??

https://imgur.com/a/JeU9R

Have pictures of my wife. Yes, she's fat, but that's how I like her.
how old is that slut?
Moar of her body!
Moar sucking!
Why ask the question if you already know the answer?
beautiful her ass is no nice



disgust


Creampie


She looks high as fuck

high off that dOpE dIcK lmao
Is it?


Ayy lmao
my guy im rubbing one out to you and her while my bf is asleep right here
femanon or gay guy?
femanon sir(:
Please dump all bikini.

Hopefully you're willing to show us something of your own?
prove it
Damn give us more of her fucked
That's hot af
Damn give us more of her banged

also i guess this is a dick rate thread
Sorry, its just how it is
Tell me your most fucked up drug stories
I got my girl fucked up and blacked out on xans and then double teamed her with one of her cousins
>I'm trying to win her back atm
A friend of mine took lsd and started running about the streets strangling strangers then took his dick out and masturbated to completion
been heavy drinking for a little over a year. startign to have blackouts. managed to break my glass and stomp on it, woke up in a bloody bed with blood all over the floor. i also went up to my room mates room looking for my last beer but i remember none of it
don't know what the fuck is his subconscious doing
Sounds like a weak minded faggot.
Took lsd. Ran into the streets naked and started kicking to every small dog I saw until I got arrested. They told me I killed 3 dogs and got animal doctor bills for 7 others. 42 hours of community service at a dog kennel.
>stopped raving after that
Was doing Xanax and heroin with new friends just met. I smoke or snort it and they both shot up and blacked out. Felt really dirty being there so I left
Got hauled in and gratuitously strip searched with some friends in Mexico because they smelled weed on us (some of my friends smoke). They eventually had to let us go because they didn't find any actual weed on us, but the whole search thing was still really embarrassing.
How did you not end up on a list for running down the street naked? Not in the US?

>go home
Overdosed and woke up half paralyzed, it only lasted a couple days but there was a huge scar on my neck for like 3 months
I was in respiratory failure for about 52 minutes
i drank coffee and my head started spinning
You kinda seem like the person we wouldnt want to serve their time at a dog shelter
1/10 experience, the methy shadow people were kinda neat
I got high on the marijuana once and skipped class
and hows your brain after no oxygen for that long??
how do u get heroin confused with coke? someone was trying to murder your friends?

ahh MDA brings back memories. we used to do that shit in my buddys hot tub all night long, many good conversations and funny times
Guy who picked it up for them asked his dealer for "shney", guess the dealer got his terms mixed up. The heroin was an off white color but I guess they didnt notice because we were hanging out in the back yard and it was dark. But yeah theyre lucky this was before fentanyl became real popular
Took 12 tabs of acid and had sex with my best friends GF, with my gf passed out on xans next to us. She was cheating already and he still doesn't know about us, but I feel p bad, even after they broke up. Still fucks with me every time I trip
Oddly I don't remember a withdrawal that I was expecting.
No idea how I got the scar. My neck was bruised from passing out on a chair
My brain still works thank God
Where around philly? I'm in lansdale area for now.
Wrong reply.
You should be hanged for killing someone's dog you piece of shit
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH I'M GONNA TELL ON YOU
Snitch
Why didnt you piss in her mouth?
>scared the fucking shit out of me so bad i no longer drive if any substance enters my system
Was in the Quakertown area. I have been all through lansdale in my youth. Actually miss it.
pic related
lung machine. got trach'd and the machine did the breathing for him until his instinct began to take over and he could breathe on his own.
Congrats you got a coke head pregnant. Get her off that shit for the baby, right ?
pic related
my back was really hurting that day.
fucking hate lsd
>pic related
Accidentally swallowed 5 XTC pills in one go. Was drunk, wanted to show how to smuggle them under your tongue. Didn't work out. Went into timelapse. Then had a 10 hour zombie state. Drank more beer as zombie. Scared old people in the subway. Ran away from my guarding friends as hide and seek seemed a lot of fun. Got out of zombie state 3 hrs later. Alone wandering in the financial district of the town we were visiting. Got my phone. 3%. Calls friends. Get location. Jumped a taxi. Joined group. Drank more beer. Sleepless for another 20 hrs.
>Forget
You fucking rebel.
took 400 tylenol and had a liver transplant AY
Nice I know Quakertown pretty well. Where you at these days?
How was it gratuitous?
All but one of us are cut, and they commented about that. My uncut friend had to pull his foreskin back too and show that nothing was hidden under it.
that sucks dude
Ate shrooms alone, approx 1/2 oz, went for walk through forest trail at night. Peaked and sat down with trees laughing at me for hours. Threw up and went home.
Yeah. We had been skinny dipping in the past so we didn't see much new other than each other's assholes and the one friend's foreskin. Was still embarrassing but they thankfully didn't hold us that long because they didn't find anything.
It seems like they were more interested in humiliating you than finding any weed. How could you possibly fit a sizeable amount of weed in your foreskin...or hair?
snorted ketamine and won a game of pool. I was like "where did all the balls go?" I was then informed that I won and I was like damn, where am i?
Mine's pretty vanilla. I was once hospitalized because I smoked spice thinking it was real weed. Took a single bong rip of that shit and my brain basically rebooted. Would not recommend.
I've heard of people smuggling things in their foreskins, and guys with long or bushy hair could probably hide something small in it. I think they were definitely trying to humiliate or intimidate us though.
I railed 2 grams of ketamine and had an out of body experience where I felt like I was moving through the universe. It’s impossible to explain how it felt, it’s like my limbs were being pulled at different angles
I was sitting on a chair and it felt like it was spinning around the world
>have been homeless and addicted to acid since
Sure you did you fucking loser
Smoked too much AKB 48F then started thinking about ebola. Freaked the fuck out
i'll take "things that never happened" for 1000, Alec
Did 1 gram of U-4700 and woke up the next morning sick as fuck, puking up bile for 2 hours straight. Like precipitated opiate withdrawal
whatever i bet you suck at fortnite
ed-12680/amp
Muslim detected
I don’t play fortnite because I’m not a massive turbo faggot like you
You don't ven know what acid is, do you?
>shit man I'm fried
one time i did 2 whole marijuanas. i ate soooo much food and then fell asleep!!! lol xD
jerry and i ate a 10 strip this morning dumbass
I was smoking some pineapple express and i think on of my buddies laced it with something. My high was so bad that at some point i was jamming my hand into broken glass after punching through the window
lol drugs amirite??
You could have really fucked yourself up, anon. I knew a girl one time did two marijuanas and now she can't even wipe her own ass.
over dosed in my highschool bathroom during class lol
one time I drank 5 espressos and was off my tits for hours
Morale of story drugs r bad do jesus instead

did weed once. had an extreme anaphylactic shock and woke up in intensive care. doctor told me I was extremely allergic to the pollen in the weed and never smoke it again or I might not get as lucky
"He pulled out one of those big ziplock backs from his backpack stuffed with stacks and stacks of hundreds. 'This is what I had to pick up on my way over here. $75,000.' My roommate and I looked at each other like, holy fucking shit. That's a lot of fucking money. Probably two, three hours went by, and my roommate said she wanted to get some food. So she ended up going out to do that… leaving me and Cali in her room. I was feeling so anxious and paranoid. I kept thinking he was going to put his hands on me and I was incredibly uncomfortable. I made so many hints to get him out but he wasn't getting it. Something about him really was scaring the shit out of me. My roommate started texting me frantically: 'GET HIM OUT RIGHT NOW', He needs to LEAVE', 'Please for the love of God I need him GONE ASAP.'
How do you mistake coke with heroin? Even if it's white heroin, you should know by the smell
>spend the remainder of the trip smoking weed on a bench outside and staring at the stars
"He asked what my name was and I told him. He told me I had a beautiful name and that it reminded him of home. I started feeling slightly uncomfortable and he then asked for my number. I did not want to give him it so I let him put his number in my phone. He was obviously flirting with me and I felt that I needed to leave, so I said I would be back and never came back".
Shut up you Pennsylvania faggots
fucking zozzle
I just shidded and farded and cummed in my pants
Used to know a hot girl that did triple c when she couldn’t find drugs or do Molly and shit
you should at least write him
ordered those seeds 10 years ago, the effects of lsa were nice, but I will never be able to eat those seeds again. I still gag every time I remember the taste
The unprotected sex is the reason I don't go out alone anymore. I just can't resist if I'm on, well, anything, really.

Rate 1-10
Rate my brother
hard to tell with 1 pic, post more

10/10 brapper and killer legs but post more about her face and close selfies

Really cute face and with that body 10/10 in my books. Name?
Olivia Rose
she's a 10....smash





Twenty fucking five my man!!! Is she Italian??
British i think.
Photo is me, reverse google image if you don't believe me
What else will you do for money?

are you asian?
timestamp or fuck off
You are scum. Kill yourself.

nice bait. this is definitely some dude looking to slit someones throat
not even a fucking timestamp too. dirty nigger can't even post good bait
Source:done this
kys yourself fatty
Nigga your dicks so small when you try to fuck a girl her immune system fights it.
epic roast, now tell me some yo mama jokes, fellow 12 year old middle schooler
also kys yourself nigger lover
OP here, is this what you mean by timestamp?? lmaoooo here u go faggots
LOL wtf ? are you blind?
toronto aswell , how much to let me pump a baby in that little flabby belly of your bb.

Get your asshole out and on camera, then we'll talk
ive done it before and i've done meet ups, i know you SHOULD be cautious but meh

buy my panties or gtfo
Seriously, don't fuck around with meet-ups. Don't take the chance a single time. First of all it's incredibly sketchy and makes me doubt the service that you're willing to meet, and second, if legit, you're going to get yourself killed. That you haven't had a bad experience doesn't mean you won't have one
cover your face with your panties
>no date
SHUT THE FUCK UP AND FUCK OFF FATASS

she aint gots no nipbles
what the fuck am i suppose to do with used panties
how much
FUCK OFF OF 4CHAN AND KILLYOURSELF TONIGHT YOU FUCKING FAGGOT
Wash em and send them back or somethin i dunno
email me and we can talk
hacking your email right now
guys like em?? they usually smell them in my experience or masturbate with them
What do they smell like
Fake and gay
will this meetup include other things? like anal?
Have you been farting in the panties?

shit was so cashhhh
Is this in toronto texas?
I woul have spit on you for free.
fuck that sounds so hot
do girls like cockstink. is there market for me
How much for pair of panties you remove when I meet you?
with or without the scooter sticks

the fuck is a scooter stick
Can I just buy nudes
anything
What the fuck am i supposed with that? They smell like blood and shit
But, collusion isn’t a crime!
whats the charge
are you a lawyer? no? then don't act like you knowing the "charges" means anything because whatever op says you'll immediately say "hurr he can't b-b-be charged with that"
Collaboration. Collusion isn't a crime! :*P
impeachment is a remedy to remove presidents for whatever political reasons are deemed worthy, it is not a criminal procedure.
As the Russians will try to rig the next election, because they want Trump gone because he's too tough on Russia, we should just not give them the chance and do away with pointless elections. Everybody wants Trump to stay president anyway, no real reason to need another election.
Haha who cares about Trump? Aren't there like three dozen indictments? Look at all these terrified people running for their lives! This is why we elected Trump, isn't it? To drain the swamp?
100% agreed. most people want trump as king, because he has large, protective hands.
. make up whatever spin you like, the actions involved in colluding with foreign governments to corrupt the electoral process are crimes. and regardless of whether you find the word collusion in the constitution or not impeachment is a still allowed. just need the votes to do it. i'll be laughing at your tears when he's gone.
they are so used with doubling down that they project their stupid behavior on others
They still have to have a trial in the senate were they both get to do discovery it would be very intresting
did you just assume my job faggot i identify as a lawyer and if you don't accept it your a transjobiphobe
You said so much yet contributed nothing, typical republican.
you have no control over me
No, but conspiracy is you fucking stupid Trump-swab
This wasnt illegal though. Only problem was trump lied about knowing about it, which also isnt a crime it just looks bad
> All hail retard Hillary
This thread is bait. Obama told us the election can't be rigged and no one is even saying it was. There's more proof of collusion between Hillary's camp and the Ukrainians than there is of Trump's people with the Russians. You guys are fucking retarded.
>citation required
No, but you do make Republicans look like bumbling idiots. So thanks for that
sorry charlie, you are fucked.

You've got trump Derangement Syndrome bad. Seek help.
IT'S A WITCH HUNT, TRUMP DIDN'T COMMIT A CRIME. WHY DON'T YOU BELIEVE ME YOU FUCKING NORMIES
Everybody looking for facts to sink Trump, wasting your time. The Trump lovers don't care about reality; they care about how Trump makes them feel. So long as he makes them feel powerful, they will smile and buy red hats while their farms fail, while their health coverage evaporates, while their schools close, while their roads deteriorate, nothing else matters. At all. Trump makes them feel powerful, because he pisses off liberals. That's it. That's the magic more powerful than facts.
Saying collusion isn't a crime is like saying killing isn't a crime, that's true (self defense, war, etc) but that's not the point, murder is a crime and colluding with a foreign power to defraud the United States is a crime.
Collusion isn't a crime, though. You might be thinking of conspiracy? Conspiracy's a crime.

TRUMP IS GOING TO JAIL
>mfw 10,000,001

It wasn't collusion, it was conspiracy.
That's because the legal term is "conspiracy."

A loser is a loser, and you're one.

Good bait.
Then we see half the country freak the fuck out.
Trump is more Teflon than Clinton and Reagan combined
everyone hates him by now except a few brain dead people
Has anyone ever been hypnotized? How did it feel and what happened with it?
bump for interest
Yep, my asshole hurt after they snapped me out of it.
I've been hypnotized by staring at the mangled bodies of a bunch of people in a massive car accident on the highway I witnessed happen as I was the only car behind them and I stepped out to see if I could help. Just stood there staring for about 5 minutes. Didn't even call the cops, some other people on the highway behind me did. I just got back in my car and drove home.
For the future, don't let your dad hypnotize you.
I don't think that's hypnosis, just being fascinated or transfixed.

I don't believe in it but if I'm an alcohol for much longer I'd consider trying it.
Contrary to what a lot of people say, you can still be hypnotized if you're skeptical about it as long as you give it the old college try. If your only choices end up being continuing as an alcoholic or hypnosis then you might as well try
I've been hypnotized once and do self hypnosis routinely. For me personally it was like being in a dream like state but still being conscious of what is going on around you. In other words no hypnotist can make you cluck like a chicken and you're not going to go so far under that you wouldn't notice your pants being unbuttoned. It's basically a very light hypnagogic state that's easy to snap out of. Depends a lot on your suggestibility how deep under you will go.
Sounds neat thanks for the reply, is self hypnosis easy to get into? Or did already being hypnotized help you hypnotize yourself?
This is ok

Anyone else ever get the hypno nut?
>tfw no qt hypnotist gf
I've hypnotized more than a couple of people what do you want to know?
Have you yourself ever been hypnotized?

Despite having done it twice, I really can't say I'm sure it's real, or sure it isn't real. I can say, assuming I was really hypnotized, that while hypnotized you're still you, and there's no way anyone can make you do something you really don't want to do. It felt a lot like letting someone else get behind the wheel, and letting them drive for awhile, but knowing I could stop the car whenever I wanted.
Girls that you'd suck a fart out of their ass. Pt.2



Just imagine tongue jabbing her hershey highway.
My lil bitch
That's nasty.


More please
It's not easy to make that grammatically correct, anon, and it's still ambiguous. Can you switch to an easier fetish?



friends gf, i want to be her slave

Yeah ok

New tribute thread continued





Do her?
reqquesting





I don't get the whole tribute thing. Isn't it pretty gay that you're just asking for dick pics? I mean, you already have pictures of the girl

trib this fatty im gonna send it to her


6inch, can do some cum/cock tributes on kik (raiyco)

My Cousin pls
Big cock pls
rayico*
Do her




Hey that's me! If anybody wants private tribs, my Kik is Wankman47
tribute the ex

Thanks!






Rate my wife's asshole. Why not?
hairy. why is it so wet?
not good
pretty clean, is that spit on her hole? also maybe shave her. 7\10 can we see her front butt?
I had just finished eating her ass out. I devour it. So soft, smells and tastes delicious and she loves it.
/b/ plays quiplash, lets go
gg/fjTNtk
knight to f6
And yes, you read that right: while the game is for 3-8 players, it supports up to 10,000 active participants in the Audience, all of whom have the ability to affect the vote! More than 8 people at your party? Nobody has to sit out. Playing on a stream? Your viewers can join in and participate in the game.
ba-dum-bump
let's fill it up!
3 more
almost there
how to live with the fact that nobody cares about me and only use me for their benefits
also i can post more nopes if you guys want i like taking pictures of them
What benefits do your friendship have?
think about how shitty the lives of those around you would be without you if its not bad then you don't matter to those people
If they try to abuse that, they are not worth hanging around.
mom-takes only my scolarship i think its called(100$ per month even tho i do everything in the hause from cleaning to making food)
Money and fame. Where you from?
white boy here. been tindering with a black guy. we met up and i told him to suck my dick. he ended up turning the tables and made me suck his dick. . in an hours time or so i will be going to his house to get fucked for the first time. im really nervous about it but also kind of excited
Good for you.
What the fuck happened to her?
Photoshop happened.
still looks like Spongebob tbh
She was never that attractive to begin with, most just liked her cause they saw her when she was a little girl.
Who is that meant to be,anyway??
I always see her in active wear but she doesn't have the body of someone who is active.
What you mean dude. She pretty sexy. Check out those forearms.
well for me the face matters much more than boobs and ass. And her face is 11/10
Ruma mummohuora
She lost the genetic lottery when it comes to hips and waist ratio.


They told her she could be anything so she became a fridge.

Still very fuckable
Anybody want to watch me fuck my wife?
Where m8

I live bald chicks, MOAR!!!!
I guess I'll post pics for requests, don't really feel like setting up a stream.
Sure, share a MEGA link of the video.
Post everything then
She isnt bald, just an undercut so her hair doesnt get so hot during summer months.
got u fam
I cant quite tell. Is she blonde or ginger? I'm guessing ginger
Idk if shell let me put anything her ass today but other than that it's probably fair game.
Blowjob, cum, facial
how about timestamp?
Bald or not, post spread of asshole and pic of ass


Its request based sooo... kinda need some direction.
nice... titjob?
Ass (we can )
Get her to bend over and spread her pussy open from behind. Nice and wide.
tity fuck her
What about a pic of her ass? Is it, as these urban kids call it, "phat"?
Spread with both hands

Post her ass pls

damn... i'd love to see some cum on her later in this thread

Fuck, that's sexy. Can she spread it open wider? maybe with a finger from each hand inside.
Fucking amazing! I wanna cum in that cunt
cumbeg
Ovulation day and not really trying to have another kid so.. not cum in pussy.
thanks mate

this but cumbeg
Uhhhh birth control much? Lol


Butthole please
Yo thats fucking hot, got a vid of her getting fucked?
fuck her doggy with her shoulders deep on the bed and add a finger to her ass
What's the other side? is it just a bob all around? does she have bangs or brush it all to the side?

All the way around.
get a timestamp in there
oh /b/ro she takes it good - looks a little dry man she likes it that way? lube it up for me and gape it then
Spread pussy
vids would be so nice
let her turn around and take a pic from above where u fuck her ass and she spreads her pussy

Make her lick your taint
too healthy
u shagg her a lot in the butt?

same position now with the largest tool you can find that fits in her ass.
Nice fisting hole
Ask her if she wants a real dick to choke on
pull your finger out and let her gaper her dirty ass while you pound her pussy
i'm up for some more dick sucking... her tongue looks tantalizing
cum inside her!

you use a condom when you fuck your wife? You'd better creampie that pussy

rollio
where do you get these?








Rolllli polli ollli

rollioooo


Rolling for it






Rollerino


A q p. W
Tell me your deepest, disgusting secrets. /b/
I used my brother tooth brush as a buttplug when I was 12, he was 9
I fap to the forbidden fruit of porn daily
It fucked me up and now I can't enjoy sex unless it's with an older guy that acts as my dad.
I have licked my own shit off my boyfriend's dick on multiple occasions
I want to be a bedwetter.
sometimes on weekends i have a few beers and browse /b/
my gf hasnt been posted in over a month and im desperate to see her posted again
Eat my boogers and scabs. Tasty!
how many years?
I've seen other guys assholes.
until I was 14.
No one knows I fucked every female student we had since i got the job, it’s just too easy.
What's their age?
They are college students so mostly between 22 and 26
I like drugs so much. Nothing else in life interest me. Not even the things that used to. Maybe I’m depressed too much
any cuties?
M or f?
A woman sucked my willy once and i cummed in her mouth..
seems pretty simple to accomplish
Best lay was definitely the Brazilian, she was a monster. After the first night we went no sleep for 2 more, her appetite was insane.
Mom's car fongered me in her backseat's friend.
I haven't been on /b/ since 2005.

sweet. Nice going.
same ive been posting gf a ton this week and still no reposts but my own.
did he get caught? howd it stop?
At 14 I would use my other 8yo step sister's crustly socks to jerk off with and put on my 13yo step sisters bathing suit bottoms and cum in them before putting them back in her drawer.
I have a fantasy where I'm pinned down by a bunch of jail mates and forced to carry and birth their bastards.
No, he died in a car crash.
when i was 10-14 my younger cousin had a game she liked playing that involved me catching her and then tying her up. her parents didn't know much about the game so they encouraged me to play. what they didn't know is that when i tied her up she would ask me to put things in her pussy. the best was a plastic syringe that she wanted me to count putting it in 25 times. so for about 4 years i helped her masturbate while her parents told me to.
Sometimes I go to the park late at night and let stray dogs eat me out, we have a lot of strays and peanut butter gets them to lick deep.
how old are you?
femanon?
Sucks to be you
Faggot
yeah... I mean, I can get sex easily enough. But it would be nice to be with someone my own age for once.
When I was 11, my friends older brother made me jerk him off and then blow him. He was 15.
41 year old father of 2. Want to chat?

I've been trying to get pregnant for the past month. I've slept with about five guys from Craigslist and one guy from work.
Seems like a better way to get aids than get pregnant
get it boy
Very cool, LeBron!
that was shit
I have a micro penis and im fat
Me too. 330 and 4in hard.
Have a secret relationship with my aunt, im male 22 shes 71. My parents still think im virgin, but I lost my virginity 2 years ago. Shes the only women ive been with. Problem is that now i rarely get aroused by girls my age.
IT'S THE JEWS
Im collecting all secret snapchats from my 16 yo brother(im 18) currently has couple nudes and a lot of text data from whatsapp. He isnt even suspicous
Do you fap to it
I had sex with my friend's daughter's friend and saw his daughter topless.
Nice trips fellow Anon. And yes. Unless they're underage. Then fuck that shit. Dont even grab them
6 and fat wanna chat?
I masturbate into clothes at target and walmart
I fucked my cousin in the backseat of my car while she was too wasted to know any better
Would love too
Nigha thats rape and incest
story?
I dated a girl who liked pee and she tried to make me like it
I've been skinny dipping, and many of my friends and I have seen each other naked.
I was phone.
That's adorable that you think porn is a disgusting secret, though.
I started a cult. We have about 10 members now. We kill animals for fun and dumb their bodies in local parks
I straight up play with my gfs doodoo to nut
I fucked my cousins mouth once when I visisted them in Mexico I mean it was technically mouth rape since t started while she slept but I got away with it so I count it
I can't stop fantasizing about exposing my girlfriend online
omg MODS
Have Kik?
100% true.
You're a disgusting pig
I wore an older guy’s daughter’s things for him, grinded on him, then let him cum on me in her bikini.
What? Lmao
You're being ironic, right? Everybody faps to porn. It's about as taboo as... I can't think of a way to end that sentence. Pron is utterly mainstream.
I am sad that happened to you. A girl who was friends with my niece when she hit 19 propositioned me out of the blue on facebook. At first I thought she was playing a gag on me then she sent me a pic of her tits. I got all sorts of embarrassed and tried for a month to not do anything with her as she was only 19 and I was in my 40's. I just ended up telling her I had a new girlfriend and she was legal at the time. I can't imagine your own father molesting you at that age, he should rot in hell. Look what he did to you. This girl also told me she liked fucking old guys. I just couldn't/wouldn't do it as it sounded to me like she was damaged for one reason or another.
I hit a car on a parking lot and ran away, no one found out it was me, cleaned my car in night out of paint and was parking 2 km away every day for like two weeks. I even know whose car was it.
I just watched Solo...
And by that, I mean I found some pictures on /b that look close to my wife and I send those while he sends me nudes of his wife in return.
He said forbidden fruit, watching kids being molested isn't mainstream.
My wife has me locked in a metal chastity cage. I thought it would be fun once in a while but now she wants it on 24/7.
Are you deaf too?
I free ball in public for reaction, even around my family
If forbidden fruit means cp, then yeah, fuck that guy.
So long as you're still wearing pants, how would your family know?

So you passed up a chance to be straight, and decided to go full fag
Am I actually gay /b/?
Ok maybe you're right
Thin basketball shorts they see my cock outline easy
I fuck bees
I think I got some kind of mental disorder, I forgot names, forgot faces, forgot where I put my keys even tho I had them in my hand secound ago, sometimes I confuse yellow and green, Right and left and I forgot what I was talking about when I end the phone call. But I am too affraid to go and see the expert. I am 25.
Son of a bitch
Snicker, snicker
Had sex with my cousin when I was 10 and she 14. We never talked about it ever again
how can i join?
If so, why not just show them your dick?
As kids we stayed at our grandmas house alot. I have alot of nieces/cousins. When I was 17 my 11yo niece and I were alone. Dont remember how but we went upstairs and I showed her my boner. She didnt touch it or so and left afterwards but it happened almost every time we were alone.
she ever snitch?
Hey if I don't have anything to do with it I'll get you pregnant for £200. You in the uk?
we need more details anon. tell us about another time?
Gotta lead, man.
Dude that is just terrible, 11 years old? You were insane to do something like that. Your own niece to boot? I can see why you keep this a secret.
Cool fanfics, pedophiles, but have you all considered killing yourself instead of writing this inane faggotry on /b/?
I just showed her my underpants and pulled it down and she stared at it.
You're just stupid anon, nothing else to look into there.
She is 26 now and we are not close at all and rarely see her. Shes lives with bad people (addicts n shit). So no i doubt it.
I rember it vaguely only but I guided her hand and let her touch it. I think it was the first one she saw cause she didnt know what to do l
i've got a transgirl as a sugar baby and I regularly fuck my massage girl. im married. i made an appt for today with the massage girl, wife wanted to fuck when we got up. got my nut with both of them.
I don't know how to get out of this. She has all the power now. It started when she was young enough that she knows if she says anything I'll be in shit.
They seen in after getting out the tub and showers or while in the tub though. However in shorts can't say I am not dressed. Not like I am gonna flash my hard on. Closest I get is a soft hard. Over the years barely ever get hard, the rush is no longer there. Started out getting a rash then started shaving. Maybe after a few months it just swings freely
how much $$$? guy or girl?
lucky prick
nice fanfic
what else happened
Maybe your cock fucked up her life? #MeToo
hold on he's not done writing his fanfic yet
It was a year since I married my husband so we decided to organise a family / friends get together, one of his cousins who is a gym instructor and very handsom decided to pop over and say hi, all night i couldn't stop looking later as I was taking some trash out the back he was having a cigarette one thing lead to another and he fucked me in the bin store. As everyone left that night and me and my husband cuddled in bed I had sex with him to, the utter disgust I felt after words made me want to become a better person 4 years later we have 3 kids and I am thankful for him as a husband it made me a better person and he benifited to.
does this turn you on? if so, ur ghey.
I jus shidded and farded and cummed in my pants
Keep telling yourself that. You’re still trash.
You sound like a potato
Feel free to ama, but obviously nothing to do with my identity.
Kind of. Is her ass fuckable?
I'm pretty sure I'm trans and I'm deeply ashamed about it. I want to be normal, but I'm just a broken soul.
Who cares? Just do you.
I've been in love with my cousin for well over a decade. I think he feels the same way but that's not something you can outright ask. We just cuddle a lot.
What is an "admission officier"? Is it related to like, admission of undergrads? Do you have any expertise in the subjects that they'll be taught or any relation with the teaching faculty?
Oh, woe is you. Shut the fuck up. There are people born without legs and you're crying because you have or don't have a penis. Fuck off bitch
I’m only semi retarded
No specific subject expertise, except for along broad categories (Science or Arts, for exmaple). No relation to teaching.
who is the greatest rapper of all time and why is it travis scott?
Travis scott good but not the best
who do you think is the best ?
Eminem
You're too young to have any context about who would be the greatest rapper Travis Scott is alright but he's not even in the top 50.
Chance The Rapper my nigga
Mac Lethal
Rakim. If not #1, then top 5
as much as I hate admitting it, his body of work is too good. he fell off for a few years in the mid 2000s but ye
MF DOOM
A$AP looks so different now.
Got his helm tattooed on me.
Do I need to continue OP?


hahahaha
travis scott has the iq of a potato and he looks homeless.
he gets to fuck kylie jenner the guy has it pretty good
Fuck you guys lol
lil b. Lyrical genius
Meme master Lil Pump
If you have any favorite pics or collections please post them!


More of OP girl

Sue lightning
And with Natalie and Shiri

Her tits are a little busted. But I’d still hit it
Goddammit, how do guys have hips like that
Would bang regardless.


Are you sure that isn't Evelyn Claire?
But who can even tell these days?
Fix those eyebrows and I'd fuck her butt all night long.
There are some pics of natalie before she changed, the one you took is some random dude
Op's pic is the scariest shit I ever seen.
Asking for my boss.
Natalie Mars transitioned nicely, she looks great!!! it would be an honor to suck her dick and top her ass
ITT a bunch of mentally ill faggots
Glad you could make it
and one repressed fag who couldnt resist entering a fag thread




Visceratio on chaturbate
It is Evelyn


What's that site where a mod was blackmailing traps into taking HRT
what is google image search


A thing that only works if the result is already in your google bubble?

I'd dick that dude into oblivion.
Didn't she immediately quit porn after getting raped by the bald dude?
He shoulda checked with other TS performers before going into it because getting raped by Christian is a rite of passage to even be able to work in the TS porn industry.
Links to porn?
>complimentary chin angle

Natalie didnt seem to mind it
Yeah, I heard that after they did their shoot they were fooling around and he raped her. (As in they started she asked to stop and he just hammered her ass anyways while she cried). Could be fake, but what I read in another thread on /gif/ a while back.
Natalie is a crazy ho. Also it's weird how he used to do straight porn and now is basically the Godfather of tranny porn.

Natalie is deranged as fuck and gets off on it.
i heard that Christian is blacklisted by most porno companies and studios and thus has to do tranny porn.
>me on the left

Regardless he dominates that market. Not even that weird Brazilian dude is as popular. Funny enough that guy used to do straight porn too.
That's not how that works you retard, you would know this if you had actually bothered to try
me on the left
I am pretty sure Ramon got caught with a van full of dead animals at one point before he got into tranny porn.
Put her way down in my estimates.
Natalie is also just filthy

i find it odd that Natalie used to do a quite few scenes with Christian when Natalie strated doing porn, but hasn't done anything with him for a long time now.
More of this girl? She's adorable

and thats why i love her so much
Probably because she's gotten enough fame going for her that she doesn't need to get raped by him to earn money.

same bro same


No wonder I thought you talked like a retard, you just proved you really are!


>fa real wtf is her name ?
such a nasty filthy slut
and then some
Is that Casey Hase to the left?
casey, kora, sue, idk, natalie






This kid's gotta be close to 40 by now
dead by suicide, sadly. think he's cute :(


Close, try dead

ITT: Mental illness.
Dear, dear Frank. He's the one that turned me on to traps and femboys. He'll be sorely missed.
>one on the right: "Maybe I should have gotten into sports instead"

mh.. few images I can't upload anymore because of the now lower 2mb filesize limit..


Do you think there are some traps that don't like it in the ass? that would really ruin things
Not a fan of those eyebrows
I think this is a trap but I'm not 100% sure...

Same guy
sauce pls
You can tell this is a boy IMMEDIATELY.

Frank Wolf, iirc. But long dead.
isnt two traps fucking eachother just regular gay sex?
and who actually cares?
I'm honestly still salty that she started doing BLACKED.
does anyone else love thicc traps?
maybe, if you could provide more material for research.
Their face is too boyish.
gee i wonder why

The Only hot trap in the world
This is one of the more repulsive traps that people seem to really enjoy. I don't get it personally

Too bad he chopped his balls off

like bags of sand
Let's pour one out for our nigguh Frank.
Rinsenpai is actually the person who got me into crossdressing. I love his videos.
Please stop, you're confusing my boner
I really love seeing chastity cages. Makes me feel not so bad that my wife keeps me in one
dead before I even got to know him, feelsbaddestman
Robin Banks
Where can I download this scene? Can't find it.
Details on said rape?
>Please post traps who are fully clothed





Daily Reminder
don't deny it, this turns you on
the artist went to jail for fucking his pitbull.
I'd like to know how u know dis.
I wonder which mental disorders you need to have to like this. Better off yourself for a better world. Nobody will care
The one time I would have been ok with a pitbull attack
all of his art got taken off e621.net because of it.
don't deny it, this turns you on
berman
but like, how u kno dis?
i came across the article 2 years ago on 4chan
ishygddt
This can't be a real name.
This is part of my skin, I shaved it once and some of my hair has grown back. But some on my skin patch hasen't and instead look like small spots, it doesn't hurt at all but is this what they call ingrown hair, is it possible to fix it so it grows out again?
You pretty much have to wait for them to go away, the hair will come out on its own eventually. For now it's stuck in your skin and your immune system thinks it's a thing that's attacking you so it's all inflamed. There are things you can do before and during shaving. This is a problem humanity has been dealing with for thousands of years so look up a remedy
been waiting months already and not much has happened for it to grow out.
Guess it would prevent problems like those
I only use warm water fine, can't imagine some cream would help.
Should I get a nose job?
No. Your nose looks strong. It would be a shame for you to change that shape.

exactly this, just work out and maybe go for a different look
I love rough deepthroat and facefucking.
Fresh shota bread.


These threads are still going? I left for 5 hours, nice!



incubus shota?







More in this position please














> have a



司馬ゆうじ is live on pixiv sketch (get the link from his twitter shiba_yuji)
what a lovely thread so far gentle sirs! <3 happy to join you today
why does the majority of shota blur or put a black line over the penis?
America doesn't have the censored issue, but you certainly don't see any loli/shota media stores popping up anywhere. Sort of a catch 22 either way, though the internet certainly helps with that. Many of the doujins I own are "re-uncensored" edits






I consider myself straight, but love seeing shota---not sure why this is--- I think it is about innocence being lost
why do you think it's about that, straight-kun? also welcome to bread glad to have you
Not sure why---- but I love seeing it---- maybe im remembering when I was that age
but if /ss/ doesn't do it for you i might have some bad news for you pal













RIP thread I guess




Lurkin

Oh nice, one of my favorite artists

did you really have to use the third best goalkeeper in inazuma eleven?

Me on the right but not as gay
My tongue in the foreground.

Ah yes, my first ever glance at shota, I remember perfectly

Curse you black bars
SBEESBEES
right? :/ such a lovely pic otherwise


I wish someone would do this to me
I wish a shota would do this to me.
what, hold your head?

maybe that can be arranged



Teachers you wanted to fuck in high school











WWYD to her?



With teachers this hot, i don't know why it's illegal for teachers to fuck their students, even if its CONSENSUAL. if the student and the teacher both agree to it, it should be legal.





Can we count college teachers? Because I wanted to fuck my Chinese professor so bad, pic related.
Yuck, these are old hags who are very big, big size means loose pussy, small size means tight pussy.
Faggot
Moar anon
wanna fap to her together?
woops forgot pic

She had a great ass too, sadly I don't have any ass pics but some more face pics if anyone is interested.
Wow, kind of surprised someone else likes her. Years later she still makes my dick so hard

Got any arse shots?
qnRDwNu
You ain't goin nowheres

Why are women touted as the "empathetic" sex? Its nauseating to see this "trust wayman" bullshit everywhere. Its completely and utterly fake news. Even outside of my greentext,In my experience, women are the most manipulative, unempathetic creatures on Earth, no matter the circumstances.
Looks like OP learned a valuable lesson today
correct except this was in january when she left
there were so many red flags yet you kept sticking by her. She must have been hot
So what have you done to work on yourself since then?
now im almost 35 and broken cuz of this slut. smh
I raised him from a kitten totally inside, and finally when we move he gets to go outside and he becomes a serial murderer. ;_;
Racism?
Candy ass.
The cat, like the uncastrated human male, has a natural, biological inclination to kill. If you cannot cope with your cat's natural urges to murder/torture/maim perhaps you should consider suicide
I did not do anything!
Nature is evil
fucking faggot
Fuck off Mouse Internet Defense Force
It was certainly self-defense!
This poor cat is being attacked by birds!
Because that's the cats nature. If house cats were the same size lions they would fuck you up too.
just be happy that your kitty is successful at hunting. He probably has a blast, finally hunting after all the years inside.
birds>cats
birbs>birds>cats
i do not gombrehend XXDDDDD
My cat brings dead birds mice and baby bunnies to the stoop and howls till I come out and congratulate him

this is the best live television for a cat.
My cat was raised by owls.
because killing isn't wrong its natural to alot of animals and even us were just all pussies apparently
Hidden / Spy cam / Voyeur creep - and related? Volume 2
dumb sister

Any more of her?


Keep going. Bush?









Story?



http://vu.fr/yqN
fuck you, sir


Post your favorite one
I don't really have a favorite?


That face looks horrifying

I appreciate your solution to the dilemma.
She was born with it. Sometimes it's blurred, other times it's pixilated. Doctors say there's nothing they can do.

Source

iam op
damn good quality! more
quickly gone why?
Best actual 4k cam? Have used the diy one that's a mate x1 can but its not true 4k

You aren’t missing much
I want this reposted!!

There you go







That’s hot as fuck!
Is rick and morty for people who have an iq >150 or people with iq < 100 who wanna pretend like they have an iq >150. I started watching and saw 2 episodes and i got the jokes but they weren't funny.
Prostate orgasms are a myth invented by the gays so that men enter an effeminate state of mind by sticking fake cocks up their anus and 'rewiring' their brains.
Objectively incorrect
It works. Feels very good man. No homo.

Lots of straight guys enjoy getting legged by a chick too

where did you get that from?
Yeah, a lot of fagtivists have told me that I should embrace anal orgasms because I get them anyway everytime I shit. I do feel relieved every time I drop a brick. Funny, nobody ever says that you should embrace deepthroating because throwing up also "feels good". And most fags aren't even into bottoming. Most of it is just lies.
>thinks this much about gay stuff and doesn't realize he's gay
>being retarded
First of all if it even is a real thing, it can take years of practice and according to Aneros users, a Super O can go undetected, body compulsions have little to do with the actual " pleasure". Hands free orgasms are penile orgasms, and are likely due to stimulation from the anus since there are more nerve endings there than in the prostate. the person is just likely to be very aroused to the idea of being penetrated, not the actual pleasure itself. Not to mention that your dick gets flaccid during this process, the focus being on rewiring your brain and 'awakening' your prostate.
>"ur just gay for trying to fight back lol"
Do these people think that there's some kind of LGBT Illuminati that gives orders to every gay in the world?
Yeah, I seen several discussions about this too among gay men. Most gay men do not have penetrative sex, frotting is more of a thing.
I so speed and turn into a borderline faggot and shuv things up my ass and orgasm no its not a myth.
you don't get an orgasm from taking it up the ass. women just enjoy being submissive and women who are into anal have a rape fantasy and enjoy painful sex. gay bottoms are mentally damaged men who somewhat have female wiring which makes them enjoy getting destroyed
Posting my favorites.



Next girl




THIS ISNT FAIR


her face isnt even ugly she just looks boyish with the short hair. Body is 10/10 face is about 6.5/10. 8/10 overall




i wish there was a lot more of her !!

avril lavigne?


she has the best body i've ever seen.
Ooft! Hope there are nudes!
2-4F8UYY
Yes, would do anything to have her as a blindfolded fuck toy


Not even a good fake.
What's wrong with this one?
doesnt even belong in thread, literally just an ugly haircut and no makeup
Ed Norton?
please post more of my new wife
Jayyyzuuzz

Plz more
I'd hit it. Big ass tits. Her face ain't all that bad.
This is not "but her face" rather "but her everything"
That's probably the hottest butterface ever.

Submissivepls or Loverlex, has vids of her sucking dick. Getting fucked in public and whoring herself out to guys on chatroulette.
I prefer the word munter
bahhh...she HTA (hides the anus) cheap cunt
Stevie Wonder?
Fuck! Moar!!







Obvious shoop is obvious
I'm confused would fuck it in doggystyle though.
full bod?
You can't even see her face you stupid piece of garbage why can't you do anything right
is that u felecia day?

Lovely pink nipples
Holy fuck that is ugly.
GREAT BUTTERFACE. Shame, she just needs to tighten her jawline and she'd be great.
the ex, she could look decent sometimes
What is the sauce on this? Girl you know IRL, some tumblrina or a random chan post you saved?
She could buy jaw exercise stuff and fix it in 2 months. Not a deal breaker.
it was more skin issues imo
You get to cum in her?

Just some girl I saved from here in my quest for the ultimate butterface
it's a long story, we were long distance (why I have so many pictures) she turned ultra religious and left me
All around hideous
Since she went religious I'll assume no one 3way, cum in, sexually submissive stuff.


Know her IRL or sl00t you saved?

She's not a butter face. Slightly masucline face, but overall she's hot.

we never did irl. Her family and upbringing was religious, we were super kinky in our online relationship (pic related), so I guess I was her wide swing out of her deep desires, then she snapped back hard, went to bible school and left me
IRL agree on the makeup thing...tits are good yes. Can discuss her further if you're interested.
Well different standards clearly
First time in my life a porn pic legit cracked me up hahahahhaha
Sauce that shit jim crow
Nigger, she is a hottie. Easily 8/10 with no makeup. Not a butterface
WHO IS SHE???
She's a 4 to 5 m8. Let's be realistic
/fc4324e9/
where are you on the autism spectrum??
I love her! She's a babe!
too much lol, fugly@
> his head exploded shortly after

Laceypet
More of her? Haven't seen her pics for ages.
And where may I fins more of this Laceypet?
tomboy lily once got compared to shang tsung

Google it, first reddit thread has 3 imgur albums in comments.
Is she that bad? She looks kinda cute here tbh
wtf lool
reactions vary but tend to be negative
Seriously. Wtf. That body is off the hook. And the face looks like Colin Hanks (Tom Hanks' son)
I'll do a dump of what I have but its not that much. Tho She made a thread the other week and was pretty chill.

Insane. Ty bud.
Also she has a tumblr


You're awesome

Np. She's a fave of mine. I know there's probably hundreds I don't have
full nude
Do you even understand how butterface works?


I can't believe it's not butter face
Might find her Reddit if these are image searched. I just can't do it in this device
Would fuck her. More?



Why is the first thing that comes to mind "I bet you could fuck the shit out of her throat"? I've been a btard too long...
Oh yeah this is the cunt that "identifies as not being a chick" okies crazy lady, shuddup, just spread your legs and breed.
Threads like this is why I love desperateametuers. Com
whoever posted this has never seen a real woman from a strange angle before
but I guarantee you'd rate her 8/10 above if she was dressed up and smiling
they can fix this with surgery, she'd look good with a fixed jaw line, her complexion is lovely

This chick has a massive gut


Traps don't belong in this thread
Always find her cute tbh

She's mostly butter.

CLEAN YOUR FUCKING MIRROR REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Dubs of truth

Checkum !

This is a butterface thread you fucking mong
Not an insignificant amount of repeating digits in this thread
bump for girls with glasses
Perhaps her face is so butter, that her body is the only presentable bit he can show in good conscience.

I can't believe it's not butter
I posted her face like three times you absolute tards. I'm just sharing as requested
This wasn't funny the first time you posted it
Looks like she's melting

Nice poster
That was the first time I personally posted that though, did someone else post something similar?



Because you idiots have such a difficult time understanding what constitutes a butterface, I present you with the queen of butters. Now work backwards, numb nuts.
Nice b8 m8

falling james?
Ohai hagfag, I thought you only hung out in YLYL threads.
Idubbbz poster, epic

EW. She's just butter all over
what the fuck is that??? Her spare clit????
so long that you cant even spell it right? sure smells like summer to me

That hag always get posted by the same dude in YLYL threads and he seems to be under the illusion that anything about her is attractive.
do you even know what a clitoris is?

i posted her face is fucked body is hot I would fuck her
nudes of the one on the right?
Gummy smile but still has a pretty face. Plus those tits.
Yeah nah, an old pear isn't hot.

Bait pic, but true about most of the thread. Most of these are just normal people or just all around not good looking. Butterface are good looking, BUT THEIR FACE!
Because its a male to female transition.
whatever kid, thst is difference between a man and a boy. I'll bet that bitch is nort of 50 maybe even 60, her body especially her ass and legs are better than bitches half her age. Well I'm pretty sure your next piece of ass will be your first piece of ass.
https://imgur.com/a/7viAVsr
I was giving you shit, but not asserting it was objective.
Rock on asshole
i think she would look fine with normal hair. Not beautiful, but not ugly either
I love these fucking threads. All the little newfags pretending that attractive girls are ugly to make themselves feel better about being incels.
>try folding laundry
It's possible if you put your pinkies near the collar of t-shirts or shirts while holding them up in the air and using your thumb to push in the sleeves towards the middle.

Would. Smash. Hard.
butterface means that the face is the only ugly part
Wish I had nudes, and she's really not pretty to me tbh but those udders omg
The one on the right.. English? The first name begins with J?
Really?!
Nope sorry her name is lily and she's from Texas
yxangelx-chaturbate-10-07-18
Thanks man.. A total doppelganger for someone I know..
More?? damn
Even big tiddies can't make her hot
More! Release those tits!
Dobby Lives!!!
>party on Garth

This is the prettiest I think a butter face can be. I consider her a 9/10, but I can see how people wouldn't agree with me.
But in her current state, that is a butterface.
Can you post a pic?
More of this
Surprised no one has posted this thickness
https://imgur.com/a/wKTeuqt
Please more!
https://imgur.com/a/ALPa6Cg https://imgur.com/a/7viAVsr https://imgur.com/a/F88yukd
Holy shit i would love for her to dominate me but goddamn does she look like Maisie
My sides
Kys loser
ok, i want more

Fuck i wanna nail her from behind and grab her throat

got the fucking jaw line of zac efron

Trashy bitches turn me on too
I know there is more of this slut out there. Anyone care to post the rest of the set? I am rebuilding my fap folder. Thank you in advance!
Reminded me of this hoe. Wonder how slutty she is.
ITS ONLY THE FUCKING HAIR. If she would let it grow out shed be diamond maker tier
The friend would thank me in the morning and i'd throw her five dollars for her labor. A final fuck you to her.
He's right. Short hair makes most girls look bad. She would be a heart breaker and a cock taker with her long flowing locks. Long hair is superior in my opinion.
she looks like she used to be super fat then lost all the weight but the face was always hideous to begin with.
4ctdK54N2Fw0whw
F5xr27g
wdbpxqFa2CG7hDQ
Mfw no small tits
p3EdzVPgWEibU9A
Any of you save the "cuties" mega, before it died?
Any megas on asian girls?
>Mfw no small tits
0BoNWEevqtKtGVg
Let's go more amateur, less "pornstars". Cause second we can find anywhere, right?
That masturbation video though
More like this?
why would anyone ever care about unprofessional porn images? how does that arouse you more than perfect body and beatiful face?
its the internet fuck off to brazzers then

Nice, whose that?
thats not my question. just why would you want to fap to something C tier beauty if you can do A tier right? just want a little explanation since i do not understand your thinking
makeup, fashion, and high end equipment often cloud the beauty of the girl next door.
You can get bored with the same shit. Also, pornstars can be found anywhere on the net. You neighbours daughter not so much.


asian amateurs please

should i drop her mega?

If there is no this dumb censure - YEAS

all pics i got from her icloud
pm-pMqD4LHvmY3A
drop the mega

Everytime it freezes my fucking phone. Hopefully not cp
wtf are you talking about
come on man I just traded you that set two nights ago
PEqnS814m4fZTGQ
gCZBjNZzf-X2_hw

Dafuq?
why tho
PwjAvGOU-Ar1wx_MqmBGE5zUF0hn4y7T3rE
wtf is it someone tell me im not opening it
Im proud /b/ not one cheeze pizza mega. You've gown.
Some shit nigga music
its just a folder with songs
Its just music
thank you


bumb keep it alive


bumping for amateurs

everyone's bumping each other
NnnP_vmZAyuAEaQ
bet youre looking for it.
Dump em
so much sissy shit is messing your brain

>some faggot dumping music
my cousin,theres another mega out there that I really want to find
link removed

all dead links


/#F!3WYlxKID!elA99GgdgiqPz5amHTPeew
we must have been on the same imig channel?

Lol. You saved or posted her since?
These girls are too old
no haven't posted it.
only saved it.

Any incest themed?





!1XA3XJLB
/#F!Rswl1TqK!MSOc7n-WyVdKgk9Y119uWg
https://mega.nz kek
nice. more?
gott dayumn name?

some of the shit in here ask for a password would you happen to know it
LOL, 22 years of Super Euro Beat... what the fuck?
go to linked files download morena and tell me if it asks you for a password
More icloud rips?

need a mega of this girl
I do not see that option
yeah, i do not see it as well
SBEESBEES
Well i need a please you cunt
Wow nice. Where can one find more like this?
Its my own personal. Its a lot bigger in my PC. I will update as it comes.
Awesome. I love all shit like this. I'll keep watching.

please you cunt
Also do you have Kik or anything?
final bump

One last bump

Logging in...
put a gun to your head and log off
Logging in
Logging in!
>log off
log off of life
>log off
Kill yourself you autistic fucks
Spell check m8
foot thread post feet

Why did u start with this
Her soles are gorgeous


beautiful









What house is the majority of /b/ in? I'm a Ravenclaw.
I'm in Ravenclaw, it's the most common among my friends too
Fag house
Nice. I really only have 3 super close friends. One is absolutely a Ravenclaw but the other two are Gryffindors.
Harry Potter is gay
Sparklypoo
Slytherin
Prolly ravenclaw. Autismos getting rillied up about wrong information and arguing for hours over shit. But slytherin may be next.
FAAAGS
harry potter is for queers but im ravenclaw.

Samefag
the one without niggers and jews
OP here. Seems like Ravenclaw is the majority. What would your guys' second house be if for some reason you weren't in the house you are supposed to be in (Like Hermione not being in Ravenclaw) I'm Ravenclaw but I also act Hufflepuff as fuck.
But we wish we were I slytherin
Nope. Check the post counter.
Silver snakes
>hate them mud bloods
Got Gryffindor from the Pottermore thing
Hufflepuff is for the niggers
/thread
I disagree with that. /b/ hates everyone that isn't a white straight male. Hufflepuffs love everyone.
More like the other way around. Hufflepuff is the inclusive house. If everyone in the world was a Hufflepuff, the world would be a better place and we would take care of each other.
Seriously, how fucking gay do you have to be to like Harry Potter. I’m Slytherin in your mom’s ass
So Hufflepuff is for the niggers, faggots, gooks, spics, chinks, woks and women then
let's go to ifunny and spam all kinds of porn to troll them, who's with me?
Fuck it, im with you OP.
>not your personal army
WTF is ifunny and why should I care?
Remember when /b/ launched a ddos attack on /b/? Good times.
When do we do it and how do we do it?
Now, and it's easy just add the most popular tags and add a specific tag for us to upvote and get them to the front page
This anon is right, raids require coordination.
>not your personal army
so let's make a plan, anyone have ideas?
One of you retards should bomb ifunnycon in LA
Nah. I use the site because there are a few good people who stick to the site and I wanna see their shitposts from time to time. If you post porn it's instantly taken down, but the face of the app, the iFunny Chef (fucking retarded name) hates the n word. If you try and comment anything with the word nigger in it, it's marked as spam. There have been people who have found workarounds though, including myself. Lets all join, and spam nigger on Chef's posts.
Pick a date and a time when we all strike at the same time and upvote our /b/rother's posts that we come across. Simple as that.
It doesn’t work like reddit, shit on the front page is handpicked
I’m down
Let's start by spamming this thread all over /b/ and /r9k/
Yeah let's go with that
Good call. Toss it on /bant/ and /s4s/ as well. Bring all the cancer to the raid. That's what it's for
Alright, hang on. I'll post the workaround so you can spam it.

Copy the word above. It gets through the comment sensors so you can spam it on the iFunny Chef's page in the comments.
Okay well fuck. I guess it doesn't post correctly on 4chan.
Spam that all over on Chef's posts.
Seems legit
The battle commences, we’ll hear about this on reddit
let's do it
When should we start?

OP never delivers
niggre
need a recap, what are we doing and how?
>filename
read the thread, we will spam the word niggre all over the ifunny chefs comments
lurk moar
You are retarded.
Go go go!!

don't forget to spam this thread all over /b/ and /bant/ and /r9k/
Attack 9gag instead that place is a shithole
let's start with ifunny and then go to back to 9fag
You fags somewhere else I'm not?
just keep going and also spam this thread all over /b/
I'd be up
Both places are shitholes, but yea, 9gag is worse
Spam it with bees
This anon gets it. Buzz buzz faggots!
What is a good way to get rid of anger without strangling myself?
Slang pussy
- Mr. No-one Cares
ngl bro, washing the dishes for 20 mins is not worth a huge amount more than $1. I feel for you about the gaming PC, especially as it's the only thing you asked for, but you shouldn't expect more money than that from your parents for such menial tasks
masturbation or meditation
yeah I got it but it's literally the only job I can possibly do to earn money
>yfw no face because you're underage b&

ok anon how about you post your face then
MODS MODS MODS
Strangle someone else


Kill urself
this is life
I literally just set a $20 bill on fire because OP is a massive faggot.

get off 4chan
And start doing drugs, games are for pussies

It's summer. Sell lemonade like the child you are. You're welcome for the brilliant business idea.

this. but you better hurry up. only a couple more weeks till school starts back up.
Get a job.

I don't have the correct vocabulary to articulate the amount of rage this bullshit gives me.
I want off this ride
Don't you have to be 18 to post here? If so why not just get a job?
well that sucks for you, but that's not my problem, ask for attention somewhere else, thanks
How old are you?
yeah thats what i thought kek, most of the people posting on this shit board are kids dude get over it. You are probably a fuckin kid
destroyed
5. Fuck off.
then phrase the situation in a past tense.
wow actual advice, thanks
Stomp a tranny to death
too late now.
Not that I'm discouraging OP from doing this, but how does this earn him the monies?
i agree. Steal her money, start small with small change to see if she notice anything. If not - go ahead.

You need to move out, not a pc
i smell diapers
that's probably the best solution to the entire problem
Just don't limit yourself.
Tell that bitch mom to know her place. Her ass belongs in the kitchen by the dishwashed and washjng machine. Thats it, thats all women are good for and that she is failing miserably at the simple tasks that would deem her worthy. Tell her to kill herself cuz shes nothing lol
HOPE THIS HELPS OUT.
Just drop out of school and get a proper job. Then move out from home. If your mom protests tell her that she told you to earn the money, so you did.
Fucking hell. Just kill your mom
Op can't get a job, because he is under the age of fucking. Just pretend to hang yourself and you're golden
Pretend to have autism and savor the benefits.
Get a job
>stop being a whiney bitch
Same thing but I'm waiting for next year's iPhone X plus, have to earn it and I get £10 a week
If you are wasting your money on a pre built PC then just get a console. It's cheaper and better to build it yourself. A prebuilt $500 PC won't run shit.
Join fit broda. Liffting will cure your feels (not realy).
This for real start doing drugs its fine everybody does that . With drugs come friends and bam you have it all . Na for real I smoke weed all the time it calms me down
Who cares faggot man up
You're either a fattass grown man who lives in their parents basement, or a spoiled kid. Grow up, or get a job you nark
Steal shit. Learn to pick pocket especially if you're in a city. Learn to shop lift, stores like Ross, Walmart, Sears are easy targets. Steal shit that is easy to resell on Craigslist.
if they said they will get you the pc for doing chores around the house, just do them and stop asking them how much your getting after each fucking one. Your mother was probably annoyed a little. stupid cunt
rape your mother whilst screaming ‘REEE’
Thanks for your contribution. If there's less money, it's worth more, so you just made OP's 50 cents more valuable.
if ur old enough anon just get a real job at some fast food place or walmart. the pay is pretty damn good if u dont have bills to worry about
4. Profit
Who knows who this is?
Lucy, but who knows if thats her true name
bing bing
Fuck, she's beautiful
Oh i remember this little whore. Got a whole album somewhere
but this pics are new

post more

What her full name? Where can I find more of her?

I believe her name is William Davoe op

Taking bubbaly requests if anyone wants them.

Do you like spiderman





Thanks for doing this OP, this is my ex


Can you help me out OP










Her please
Let me update some shit real quick and I'll join your bubbling efforts.


is this possible? please?
you still here /b/ro?
if you do this one ill send you a vid of this bitch in the nude
please sir moar
Please good sir.
but just in case it's not, do this hot bitch
this is my fetish

does it have to be a bikini to work?

Please
would cum on these tits hard
I never thought id meet the commander them self. Thank you comrade.
It would make my life a lot easier yes.
Please
please god help this thread not die

could this work? her tits are so huge
please!!
Bubble this plz
This isn’t op


Please?
Appreciate it!

But contributing.
i love underage whores

Mother and daughter?
thank you kind sir enjoy this pic of her ass
>getting this baited into posting facebook girls you know by an OP who is just going to lurk
bubbles for right and middle pls, dont care about left

Im trying to go as fast as i can


I do my best to make my lurking worthwhile.

Bubbles please!
obviously you just want fb pics without asking like the other autists on this site do
Enjoy.
Much obliged.
I hate this shit, gummies original
dat ass tho
There ya go.
please op

Have fun.



bubble her pplzz

please
Not OP.

quality stuff man, heres another
These 2 please
same girl maybe easier, bump







If thread is still alive by then, I'll contribute some more.
Do this one then please
Please bubble my prego cuz
or this one of her plz

OP here, there are a lot of new posts and im not sure if posters are even here for them. I'll bubble first person to reply to this comment.
Can you do this?


Coming right up

her please!

do mine pls
Please man
post funny shit you haven't seen before





what's with that dont deny it guy amiright
>straight couples that larp as gay men (the woman believes she's a man)
i dunno, what do you want to eat?

I just want to be fucking female but that will never happen, why did I have to fucking be born male
your mom?
yes, 6 I think, yes
• ask your female friends for fashion advice. They know more about looking like pretty ladies than you do, so go ahead and ask. If they're your friends then you shouldn't be shy with them about it. If they feel disgusted then it's time to ditch them and find new female friends

You will only find fetishists and fags interested in you.
the dubs have great wisdom.
Wow, thank you for reminding me exactly why I feel this pain. Guess I'll just stick to repressing everything and living as a guy /s
FUCK OFF REDDIT CANCER GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT

Does the fact you could never be a mother get to you? To me its always just been more straight forward body acceptance shit.
>why did I have to fucking be born male
Then that may explain some of it, boys who grow up without a father figure can end up like this.
I can still adopt I guess. But yeah
ishygddt
It's okay OP, I'll still put my penis in your butt.
I'd rather it up a vagina
>Hurrr not everyone here is from Reddit!
I grew up with both parents, but I'm still put off by the thought of being masculine.
Stop encouraging men to do permanent damage their bodies with hormone pills
a-anon...
More wisdom, honestly OP some top tier advice: if you are still attracted to women, then get with one that understands how you feel. Its what I'm shooting for, someone that makes me not mind being male.
Finally you could accept that there are limits on what you can achieve towards being an actual woman, find a point at which you are comfortable with yourself and just life your life as best as you can (whether it is staying male or undergoing some form of transition is up to you). The key point is confronting the reality that there will be times where you are unhappy with things but there is nothing you can really do about it, and accept that fact.
I saw this thread yesterday and the day before. Maybe you should suck it up OP like all the people who have learned to live life before you
Give us a way to fufill your dreams. We're ready when you are. You want it? You got it. Give us a way. You know what must be done.
I just want to be a woman I want to be a woman I want to be a woman
I miss the days when this was looked down upon in public and universally disgusted.
SRS is a mistake by anyone who undergoes it. Set the limit at HRT. It still has some pretty bad negatives, but at least its not a gaping wound you painfully force to stay open.
It's not a fucking wound
i said this yesterday in the last thread and i'll say it again unironically kill yourself
fancy seeing you here again
You're right, but everyone has seen the horror stories from that surgery going wrong, plus there are many accounts of how painful dilation is. I swear the right partner makes all the difference with gender dysphoria and HRT can be part of the answer too.
niggret
Disgusting. No amount of surgery will ever change the biologically defining chromosome of male and female. Call yourself whatever gender you want, you’ll never rid yourself of that single pesky letter in your chromosomes
Bumping
Well I'll guess you're still in the thread, so AGP is an attraction to yourself as a woman.
AGP is autogynephilia you fucking nigger
god i wish that were me
Here is your flowchart
Well I am a woman so I guess not gay
If your a beta who wants to be taken care, and think "wow having a man in control of their life taking care of me would be amazing i want a man in my life." There are plenty of cougars out there dying for twink looking boys to nurture.
I literally have no libido at all and don't feel any sexual feelings in any form, and I sure as hell don't think women have it easier than men. But I just want to be a girl, it's who I am
But I would not put it as easier, just a different way of being that isn't about being a handyman or buff. Which handyman and buff are kind sexist ways of putting manhood. Like how a nurturing housewife doesn't explain all women. Transgender is a hard thing to explain that's for sure. Even doctors will give the "no one can tell you want to think" line.
welcome to life fag, we arent in control of how we came in but we are in control in how we can exist
you need someone outside of friends/family to talk to. work out, change your lifestyle. but don't fuck up your body through surgery.
No, that would be fucking retarded. I would gladly take it once, never again, let alone ever a third time. Taking it more than twice should be banned from hospitals. I can't understand why gender dysphoria automatically makes somebody sjw.
letting emotions control you is a really fucking shitty thing to do. Wait till your like 30 and actually in fucking control of your thoughts then bring this debate up again. if your still emotional over it then you have mental problem. Blame your upbringing and move on or something.
and if the individual is still unsure. the iv or pill won't be available to the person till a a year passes.
Completely.
If you are a female, then why the hell are you crying about not being a girl? Do you just like to waste URL space?
I am a girl, but I'll be we have been born as one

/b/tards, you niggers are unbelievable
Nice trips but I'm literally trans
even if that was the case, you're still baiting this tards. faggot
and why the fuck does that matter this isnt the place to bitch about being a minority this is 4 chan go to fucking reddit if you looking for some help
OP is a fucking newfag
I don't see a problem with posting here. Sometimes people here are actually helpful
I did not need approval from therapist at this doctor but some doctors require some form of approval from a therapist before transitioning.
https://www.strawpoll.me/16216006
You know the game.

oops, 6
Roll I guess

Do you have imaginary friend/tulpa/daemon/alter-ego that you talk to or something? I tried to create something like this, was talking to myself in my mind and visualise but ended up being bored. Anyone have experience with this?
i have this alter ego i let loose every now and then he is baisicly a demented and psychopathic version of myself and i ussuly let him take control of my body for a short while(ussualy while i am broken)hes a chill guy but sometimes he pins knifes up peoples necks
We don't have "different personalities". It's just like any give and take in a conversation.
