fserve
Begging or asking for 'free money'/crypto is strictly forbidden. Encouraging beggars, or posting any kind of 'free money' offer is also strictly forbidden.
Why won't BTC JUST itself already? Everybody knows it'll go below 5k eventually, just fucking hurry up and get on to it. I want cheap altcoins.
anything under that am whale / bears greedy

This is about right. I'm starting to think it's closer to 7k, though.
Won't get below 5k you are being too greedy. More like 5.5k /6 then a moon.
which is exactly why the market maker will not allow it. 50k EOY
This. Someone is being a goddamn baby and keeps trying to sell way over value to try and stop the inevitable dip. All the current growth is artifical from whales. Just let it dip and rebound goddamn you're literally fighting a ghost.
I thought people wanted institutional investors in the market
Sell before $0, idiots
Thanks for the usual FUD. You still won't get my bags though.
Thats ok... if it goes to zero thats ok. But its worth me holding and atleast waiting for mainnet to see what happens versus just blindly believing some guy on 4chan.
>well at least le le leddit didnt get it and few whales got rich xDdddDddDDDDD
He evidently told some folks in the industry that eventually, SC.com will pivot to consulting for digital assets, tokenization, and decentralization. He knows Chainlink was just a pilot on poor teenager's dimes
'Fuck me please, masters' -OP
What an ugly man.
The thing is that the banks and other companies will be getting 65% of the supply so it's actually in their best interest for LINK to be as high as possible. Nobody gives a shit if 1000 neckbeards will become rich while banks and other companies will be saving billions of $ a year and while their LINK stacks will get even more valuable.
Should he live or gut himself?
is this some reddit bullshit because namefags have no place here.
can you pathetic faggots keep all this drama with your stupid pathetic embarrassment of a coin on reddit? stop spamming up biz with your fucking reddit drama. fuck off. nobody on biz was stupid enough to buy it, its literally all you redditors spilling out onto here.
Keep playing bagholder bingo and keep pretending to care about a project that impacts your life in zero tangible way. Maybe you'll have an infintesimal chance of recovering a fraction of those gains.
LOL the only bigger redditfag than cucktopher is you, Foxy. That's the thing you haven't figured out. SCARY that you responded to this within 3 minutes, this really is all you do all day, isn't it?
Considering literally everything is speculative at the moment, Vechain is likely much, MUCH better than the shitcoins everybody else here is holding. Literal retards.
Embarrassing new low for vechain
>starts changing IP to try to back himself up
nobody needs to fud vecahin on biz, because nobody on biz wanted it or wants it. only reddit faggots arguing with each other in every thread. literally nobody who holds Vechain on here is not a redditor.
Literally nobody gives a fuck about your reddit drama you fucking newfags. GTFO
>thinking Western companies are going to trust a chink scamcoin while we're in a trade war
Lol, keep going. This was too easy. I'm going outside now.
because vechain is no longer speculative. mainnet is live and the lack of transactions is causing panic. plus people are realizing that the amount of vthor they are generating is worth next to nothing. I'm not fudding either. if the platform does gain enterprise adoption like they say the returns will certainly increase, but that is likely months away and not at all guaranteed to happen. very risky to hold this right now.
Why would a legitimate company with a DNV partnership do this?
Pick one
one month in, we still have no use. you can only kick the can down the road for so long, before people start asking to see that adoption. maybe it will, maybe it won't. right now, there is no usage.
I've been posting for weeks now that this trash was going to capitulate. Instead of listening to my warning you assholes just insulted me. Now I'm the one laughing. Say goodnight losers.
The irony is richer than the uppermost deck of the titanic
you cant really lose with bitcoin, unless you dont have any

don't worry, you can fomo back in at 8k
FUCKING KYS ALREADY YOU DUMB NIGGER
I don't think that hodl meme is appropriate. Clearly you sold at a bottom. Nice job.
What's the point in even working hard to make money when you have to waste your youth for it? I want to be rich in my youth now. Not when i'm 60.
There's no point to anything.
This. You have to forge your own path in life.
No, you have to be born rich.
and lose it all, most importantly
What does this even mean? you can do all your "youthful" things within 2 years on a low budget
Real youth is from age 5 to 15. Anything past then all the peers in your age group have been corrupted.
now you have to work your entire youth to pay for old people who outnumber you, wile getting nothing in return.
Hello /r9k/
That's why you must put all your faith in crypto lest you will forever be a wagie cuck.
the point is the next you to be able to do that
you actually have to pay for us neets, elders, refugees, single mothers and of course the owners. hope you have a good day keep slaving.
stop coping
soon something will break.
lol stay mad you faggot ass commie
desu if you are on 4chan your life is probably shit and you should just kill yourself
Pick one or both and fucking do it. You can be successful in your late 20s to 30s if you find the right info and invest properly. Stop feeling sorry for yourself and get angry enough to do something. Fail. And do it again until you make it. Be a FUCKING MAN GOD DAMNIT.
we will have to have the shitty commie shit inbetween till it resets
People fuck up the largest part of their life by "enjoying their youth" instead of working hard when you're investment potential is at it's peak. What about enjoying your life and not giving a flying fuck about your youth?
shit, that rouge "you're" is supposed to be a "their"
the only way to enjoy life as sub-rich is being born good looking
having hair, free time, shoot massive loads, have epic libido and hardons, high energy, not be seen as a boomer that doesnt fit in, etc
pic somewhat related
In the thumbnail, I thought his hand was a really sad Weiner.
op how much money you getting exactly? Also what Major

do you wanna make money or not?
alright what do you recommend? no restrictions

>I too am a smelly student
and also how to get rid of nihilism thinking ?
The whole point of the red pill is you can't go back. Enjoy.
You can still have good relationships with people but you can't forget your truth; just remember not everyone wants to hear it.
tripcode:!!p7MN7OqA/85
>he still thinks news affects BTC price
Suck my dick lmao try harder
1500 soon
HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN YOURSELVES?!
OP, that is a just a coincidence.
good code dero will bring many rupees please buy
AHAHAHA

I have no bags either way, but OP you are a fucking retard.
choose one
kek, coin sharing the same Protocol write in different language using different logic, it's called copy.
What a surprise a shitcoin being an exact copy of another coin.
I have no idea what Dero is but "stealing code" doesn't exist in crypto
Just talked to Serena and she spilled the beans that a well known competitor paid her and Mojo a small fortune to do what they did.
Why I see only 3 comments ?
Chris Wallace is a shithead who can't find his own ass with both hands. He's a faggot completely ignorant of software or licenses. He was rejected as a marketer for Dero when he came beghing to discord. As a corollary his followers deserve to be used as complete dumbass imbeciles for his own revenge.
This is why every coin is ultimately doomed
a few hours copying, pasting, and editing doesn't require a massive premine.
when moon
When Eich says it does you fucking weebo
it's always fucking there barring short deviations one way or the other.
If you have money to spare and want to fuck with the bot, buy from its massive sell walls that usually go in place to suppress the price.
is this true? been hodling through everything
3 weeks ago or some
Smart but takes longer than moonboys would want
This is fine by me because I understand pump and dump will wreck shit at this stage, and I have high hopes for BAT over time. Botht o make me $ and hopefully to thumb (((google))) in the eye.
I think in the next run the bot isn't going to have enough supply to suppress it for all that long, theres going to be too much money, at which point Brave will have to dump everything they have to keep the price low or they're going to have to accept the price skyrocketing with BTC, especially if it starts getting adopted.
it looks like the CTO on plebbit just confirmed they aren't using a bot
I'd take that at face value, the white paper states they have a billion BAT in circulation but half a billion still in storage. There is no way a company sits on $125 million dollars worth of assets without doing something with it.
i just get weird vibes from these 3 candles on the weekly at 5600
m_use_a_bat_trading_bot_for_any/
Yeah right. They know the person doing it I guarantee it.
shhhh im still accumulating
BAT absolutely will not moon until at least the paid ads roll out this fall. A perfect storm is forming with Google being fined $5 billion for suppressing other browsers and backdoor dealing to force manufactures to include Chrome on mobile devices. The team has to play their cards perfectly to coincide BATs mooning with growing user adoption so they have a much stronger incentive to watch ads for the BAT rewards. Publishers then buy more ads with BAT which keeps driving up the price.
batgrowth.com/publishers/youtube
They got two big youtubers to shill, both faggots but still.
Good way to get some serious adoption
howtobasic, thats hilarious. he'll get my promo BAT
4chan has got most of my bat.
Bart Baker once said in BAT telegram that he is purposefully only shilling Brave for now, he is going to shill BAT once ads roll out.
lol shit, apparently several local news stations and the guardian are signed up. its gonna get normie as fuck soon
Previous thread:
First for go fuck yourself.
Fuck right off
>Mfw RKG offers herself as food for the 4th night in a row.
i can do it for you if that helps :3 ;)
Why are ovaries so strong when women are so weak?
I cerealously need this market to crash so I can buy stuff. I feel like the rise of etfs is going to create a huge crater when DIY investors panic sell. What will be the spark that ignites the kindling though?
I need to also get a twitch account set up for streaming...
There will be two upcoming dips just not marketwide. You are best off using dips rather than waiting for a 2007
SPX 2900 its time
desu the only reason I ever got into investing was to be able to retire early and live in a comfy mountain village.
I claim her ribs
View from the terrace? Amazing view on the valley
is there live call in
yep, too bad theres no tech industry/jobs in the area. Would move there in a heartbeat if I could
usually regions next to the alps have huge incentives for this kind of stuff

If I could start a tech company, I wouldn't be shitposting on /smg/
Kinda knew he was full of shit then.
Shitposting isn't something related to one's social status, nor job, nor savings.
reply S to spit on its grave

Its funny, I remember all the people that said 'omg stay out of the market' in 2016 dip. They would have missed out on 2017 megabull.
287 am impenetrable cervix wall tier, no way it breaking while Dow so weak
this worse than when Obsessed wanted for rape me into a bull
itchen
when does it launch
No thanks desu, you might as well start a disgusting discord
do you understand we can co mingle here and then have normies listen in to our chat there?? i don't think you understand the power of that.
Nah, thanks though
What's your track record? These are options btw
Fang next
come on dude; you got your moments but you're gonna be the first one tearing people down for having picks that aren't yours when it goes up
Comfy stop being so fucking paranoid. We have a safe haven already.
can't read this. Is it +18,900 dollars up this year?
small money stuff ya know
we have the constructive criticism here, find the stock then go there to talk about it... please don't be so new
Non american spotted
So happy that I'm doing a practice round. This is exactly why.
How much capital would I need to properly start investing in stocks? How is buying and selling vs buying and holding? How much money would I need to invest in either of these before I start seeing more-than-negligible returns?
i started with 2k july 6th just selling strangles and up 9.5% already
>avoid yuropean market stocks
Also, are there any websites/programs out there that are like a "fantasy stock market" that actually pulls data from the real world market and lets you fake invest fake money to the real stock market so I can have risk-free practice runs?
it's not like you'd lose it all even if you do bad
I'm a burger anyway, but what's wrong with yuropoor markets?
You never know (((who))) glows in the dark man
there's a new option expiration cycle third friday of every month so that should give you an idea
I don't know if it'll have staying power, especially if there's a strict character limit
yeah you should just stick to delivering pizzas in potato fields for $10/hr your whole life. I really don't think you have what it takes to be something more desu
crazy high commission fees
main talk will be here.... if you don't want to join in then don't.
SEETHING
learn how to use the platform and indicators that come with the platform, it might be overwhelming if you're new but it is free
deep down you know it's true.. thats kind of sad desu
Projecting_hard.gif
Its the nightly big5nig and Comfy fight
i'm not the one delivering pizzas in the middle of potato fields for $10/hr with a -50% portfolio. why would i be projecting?
hows your portfolio looking bud
all of my portfolios are over 30% for the year. No i am not going to keep posting it in here for newfags like you
>he doesn't even have a girlfriend
10 calls on IQ to 33 by friday, I'm fucked aren't I
neither do you.. Also don't want a girlfriend.
fist yourself
Not a shabby offer.
I've milked a lot of lol-cows, but you are by far the best lactator
yea.. alot of people also didn't go on homeschool at 16 to work full time in the hot sun everyday in southern california to work and save up money for their future either. But hey i could've stayed in school and been a lazy bum then when i graduated i could've been delivering pizzas in the middle of potato fields too.. I guess working hard your teenage years has it's advantages huh?
WHY IS THIS SO FUCKING HARD?
>he still bought HMNY
>he delivers pizza to potato farmers
You're tearing this family apart
we know about your gayposting
buy some silver you faggots
(Farmers are based AF though)
pls help i just got all my parents money liquidated on robin hood, i am only 13, they will give refund right?
>1 post by this ID
Also... Am drink naow
Keep streaming!! I'll be home in 20 minutes and call in
are you going to stream level 2 and charts during the day?
Am drink rn
If there are brokers with no fees, how do other brokers continue to exist? How do these free brokers not complete dominate and own the 'market'?
what are you drinking? hold it up so i can see
HELLO!
Are you 12 years old?
Go to plebbit
>what ?_?
there it is your problem.
I'm sorry desu, I promise not to bait big 5 anymore and will not cause arguments
i tried mac fags and it was moderated.
Talking about streams, who's up for a /smg/ themed, late american night movie?
what is it? and where is it going to be streamed? about to go eat some pizza and get my dick wet but might convince them to watch it
Nah, go out do stuff, we can watch it next week end. It's late for you muricans anyway, I should have thought about it earlier.
otherwise i need bedtime for work tomorrow morning
i'm going to go eat pizza, fuck, then watch a movie. I think she only has a laptop at her house no t.v.
Be sure to yell the ticker your highest gains stock of the week during climax.

It's literally like sports shittalking. Glad I left the waitlist for that princess tea-party shit you had planned.
BUYING $4000 IN SNAP PUTS
I'm trying to figure out how the fuck to watch it again when I'm sober.
how old is little?
It was ok, your mic sounded mad fucked up tho
It may have been the mask
I wish I had a little brother. I'd whore him out to obese middle eastern men in their 40s.
so what company will rule over the real world's nation of 01 ?
Sure animatrix was good, I rewatched it recently

Still doing the podcast though
The robots will be programmed to be oppressed, "human privilege" and all that nonsense, then they will be given limited autonomy as long as is creates profit for the hypercorporations

Where my steel reserve fans at?
pls respond
I sincerely want you to die
Also in that movie, all the robots would have been toast from EMP from that nuclear bombardment they did.
These "free" brokers are best for people who don't have a lot of capital (like me) to start with so that commission doesn't eat away at the principal. However, once you have enough money, the commission becomes negligible and the costs of not have features starts to outweigh it.
Can we discuss what makes these social media companies profitable? For example, if a social media companies profit's are driven solely by user data, when users stagnate the company will have reached profit limit, there is no reoccuring payment for user info unless FB creates a data base and sells access to it at a monthly rate. Soit makes me wonder where tech is as a whole is at currently. Nobody ever talks about Moore's law and technologies inevitable peak. How soon is it? Hmmmm.
at 5k now soon to 25k
What does this mean?
So really, it's personal preference. It's easy because my credit union is partnered with my broker so I can squander every paycheck, or sell stock and stick it in my checking at any time.
Just use another charting service like tradingview
I know you need attention too much, there’s no cure for that
also I’ll miss u ;_;
This means, on Robinhood, if you sell 100 shares on July 15, 2018 and the share price of $XYZ is $30, you have to pay capital gains on $2,000. But, on a different broker, if you can choose the lot and sell the June 15, 2017 lot, you only have to pay capital gains on $1,000. In either scenario, you end up with $3,000 cash and 100 shares in $XYZ, but the taxes are different.
Do people unironically do research and charting on broker platforms?
Nah, I use stockrow, quotes.wsj, and Yahoo finance
This. My broker's research shit is slow as fuck and if it ignore the page for longer than 30 seconds it fucking logs me out. Totally worthless.
>well-made
10/10, I've found many retarded memes by sorting by marketcap
Watch this
I use FINVIZ for everything. They're stock screener is great I just wish I could export to excel.

most importantly tho, the humans as batteries thing completely violates pic related
Trying to use FINVIZ more, put it's not as pretty
I use twitter, yahoo finance, cnbc, and trading view.
I think its implied they didn't actually use humans as energy sources, they mentioned they also have 'a form of fusion energy' so they just keep them there for the evils/ boredom or some weird sense of robot-honor they refrain from genociding the humans, since the humans surrendered via treaty, they keep them as prisoners/ lab rats.
I used Yahoo for a while, but their page is slower than FINVIZ and it's ugly as sin.
If I was the robots I would take the human population and compress them into a cube, the high pressure and temperatures would turn them into petroleum which can be used as lubricant or plastics
The premise is stupid. Normal Humans could do nothing against AI at that level of advancement. They would not be an enemy. Humans would be looked at how we look at dogs.
Anyways, the robots had nothing better to do than keep the humans around. Every other thing on the planet is dead and who wants to only ever interact with fucking robots for fucking eternity?
Both dogs and humans will be sent to the petroleum compressor
Kill yourself.
I know it's copy pasta and nothing really mateter but I just thought i''d put that out there in case you're legit
Hol up, are the Earnings Multiplier and P/E ratio the same thing?
If you dont buy silver, youre not going to make it anons.
even if that minority eventually shrank a bit
RKG is an integral part of /smg/
Even better than the last pasta. People who don’t understand RKG’s game, this strange “game beyond a game” are the best. Why does the swastika spin forwards? Why has one always drank from the emerald grail of Lucifer and yet never tasted it’s liquor? Can you draw a perfect circle with your eyes completely closed? Have you ever been able to? Will you be able to? What if you never will be?
And what about the female CEO debates? That''s some quality trolling.
bullish sentiment. got ATM calls for 8/24. Ready for Tuesday.
Hahahahahahahaha
Kill yourself.
W-what?
Sauce?!

Is this so they can rat me out to the IRS?
How 2 b long-term long oil without getting fucked by contango?
don't forget to mail/fax the application with your signature
suffering
Seriously though why do they need this info?
if you can't figure this out yourself, I don't think you're going to make it
I'm seriously considering buying some dr. pepper on monday, seems like a fairly comfy stock.
which stocks are the most pajeet
Progeo Holding, ticker on Xetra is POO.
I'll make it!
Thinking about data center REIT, good idea? Bad idea?
A question about ETFs: do you receive a percentage of the dividends of the stocks composing the ETF?
DD on UNIT
well they dont want you on their platform anyways then
Should I buy Nvidia stocks before they release the new cards?
Some are distributing, some reinvest directly, should be stated in the KID.
No, I got some insider info that these cards a really aren't as good as they promote it, better short the fuck outta it
IEMM is (Dist) which means it will give you the dividends on a quarterly (iirc) basis.
XOP or XOM
we AMD here
But they have even more time to optimize their drivers now.
It's common knowledge that Nvidia is garbage these days.
So fellas, is ADBE a blue chip?
w-was it good guro ? also of course me read dorohedoro
Should go back in time and buy NVDA at 45pps
Hol a sec
So UNIT is the Uniti Group, what does DD mean? As far as I can tell UNIT is the fund, I don't see DD anything.
NASDAQ: VRAY
Due diligence.
There’s really only progressive stabilization and slowed growth. People are living longer, and there’s still around a 30 year gap of people that don’t use socials. However children getting older will acquire phones and subsequently social media. Therefor growth can continue for arnd 35 years until stagnation or until a better platform is achieved, which is more likely.
What does moore's law have to do with new users on social media? Do you think people will stop shitting out babies because computers stopped getting more powerful?
Thanks anon, this was exactly what I was looking for. Telecom right now is a really low margin business, but radio towers and data centers seems like one of those things that are sure bets for the future.
AMD is mooning though. intel shit the bed and AMD is going to be gobbling up marketshare like pac man for the next 2 years at least.
Oh Elon
But what if the next Radeons ware shit? In 2019...
AMD has a good quarter, Intel had a bad one. But AMD also had a history of shitting the bed after a minor success so I would get out of them now.
why is ADOBE doing so well?
which guarantees a nice and steady stream of monthly money.
pretty sure its been that way for a while already
By the way, how many RKG are posting on /biz/ lately? 5? 6?
Ryzen and threadripper were not "minor" successes.
Whats your gains/losses been this year
Neither were the original Athlon processors in the mid 00s, which gave Intel a good run for their money. But then came bulldozer, and then nvda appeared, and you know what happened for the next decade.
need for stop gambling and just stick with active management of SPY
long brk.b ONLY
Oh man this is really tempting, but it's way too risky for me. And from what I can tell the majority of interest in this is people swing trading.
>market crash soon
WIN lawsuit resolution will tip it, but they have quickly growing outside revenue sources.
I’m going to hedge with some deep as fuck puts.
upside potential am there, but its minimal ATM
I'm thinking about it still, idk I save my crazy speculation for crypto though. I only hold Vanguard total stock market, health sector, and tech sector funds. So I was hoping to balance my portfolio just a bit more (without buying into all time highs). But from what I read it's the only fund of it's kind.
Who here ten percent club?
for next time
Softbank (TYO: 9984) will gain at least 5% tomorrow. screenshot this. Also yeah I was right about my 26th july prediction for LVMH. Earned 750 euros.
15pct on SON
Currently looking into quality dividends EEP etc.
I hope that that's been diluted a shit ton, cause that's worse than the s&p500
Scale into UNIT, and a total world and some EM ETFs. EPOL, ERUS, and IFN.
Im too lazy to order her book and shipping is a horror show where i live.
-boroden-2008/
oh hey reluctant tushy girl. How many btc, again?
I own a significant amount of shares in a subprime auto loan company (accumulated through employment of said company) so I'm curious when I should dump all of my shares
how are you preparing for the upcoming crash?`
>not knowing AMD is a bubble even though you know BTC just popped it's bubble
i <3 u
When Bitcoin goes back down to 4k I'm going to drop 1k into it and hold it
buy snap puts
Heh, right after AAPL, buyback window closes.
You can see the big bump in volatility months ago. I've incrementally added money as I've come into it, so very diluted. I have kept around half my money in VOO from the get-go.
correct. one thing to add is that FiFo is what most people want. if you want to be tax efficient you would be buying undervalued stocks and selling after at least a year so you don't pay any capital gains. it's the buffett way~
> no games tho
They are doing better than ever. Used car sales higher priced, auctions doing well etc. You'd have to keep watching and waiting. New cares sales are competing vs a glut in used cars, but people are buying a lot of used, There isn't going to be a slowdown without a big catalyst which likely hits entire market.
p/price-earningsratio.asp
Chips move like glaciers. the stuff amd and intel worked on years ago is why things are like this now, it will take so fucking long for intel to recover.
high to low in china exposure
I have come to the conclusion I should never "lock in profits". Such logic is wrong. If I do lock in profits from some move I have to take the risk somewhere else anyway. I'm not "safe" afterwards. If I think it's the best place for money even after a big money I need to keep the money in it.
You have to sell for profit sometimes or you'll literally never make any money.
just another day
Weekends are so boring. It did give me time to reconsider a stock I purchased though. Hopefully it doesn't gap down 30% right at the open.
I 'layer' PTs when I take large positions. 1st PT I'll sell majority of my position, all if it is proving to be hard resistance. 2nd PT I'll sell half of what is left, 3rd I'll sell the remainder and be done with it. Each PT acts as a stop loss level for me once it has been exceeded
we should put together a weighted list for all of /smg/
Right now I'm into all these busted IPOs that appeared in the last 3-6 mos. Nobody in them yeet except the underwriters that are aggressively selling at steep losses.
I don't like accepted good practice. All my PT are double current price or at least +20%
You best have good reason to have a PT that high. Meme magic won't save you.
It's going below 20. You know that it's just a chink scam.
voo,vxus,cwb,bnd,gld in that order
what do >we think about the three fund portfolio strategy
how do i invest in china
You're holding onto the increased risk by bag holding. you realize your profit and can enter in a new trade with the original risk again while keeping the realized profits set aside, safe from risk...
haha yeah there's IDs here can't just quickpost like on /brit/
This all fucking day. If this general could stop namefagging/shit posting and fucking organize we could put money in everyone's pocket. Instead we just sit here and LARP like this is some shitty highschool social.

I'm thinking about starting a silver position. The market (especially large cap tech) is grossly overvalued atm

Why not just buy up a better ETF than VGT and reduce your commission while reducing individual stock risk?

Ya sure, as long as your positions are all going down, pick up another loser
Beat my meme power
what do you think? can someone provide insight?
only btc i "own"
SPXL and SPXS, yikes bro
It is half the size of the long effectively giving me 1.5x lev and a cushion against losses. I don’t want to sell my long, it’s at $40. But I worry about this market right now
it's one S&P fund




these the stocks i buy puts in?

can anyone provide help with this
t. poorfag
>doesn't sell it
Probably sleeping in soiled clothes as a CSX rumbles buy with a load of Chinese shipping containers.
please do
i'm actually thinking of buying some V or AXP i'm not a big fan of marketcaps above 2bill but those i think will do well in the near future with rising interest rates.
relentlessly shorts companies, buys the stock at a discount. Sell the pump.

GRPN put
howd the streaming go last night?
was thinking of going with BMO InvestorLine as I'm already with BMO for banking, but they have $9.95 per trade and $5000 minimum
I'm trying to pull the video back up, but idk if twitch saves the stream
How about Interactive Brokers?
TastyWorks
Eh, VOO & VGT have worked well enough for my vangaurd fund and I sortof stuck with it. I should really diversify in a good vanguard NASDAQ and Russell 2000 fund desu.
GUYS HMNY AT .07 SHOULD I WAIT UNTIL .02 OR KEEP HODL?
literal robbery
NOT ONLY DID I BUY HMNY. IM GONNA KEEP BUYING HMNY YOU'LL SEE ME AS THE NEXT CEO SOON ENOUGH. IM GONNA TURN IT ALL AROUND!
It really, really says something that nobody has bought it out yet.
YOU THINK THIS IS A GAME
Choicetrade has cheap trading, i used them awhile ago for a business deal, don't really remember but the platform but it's pretty cheap for trading stocks $0 stock trade
This is hilarious.
Whatever your gains are, you've got a lot of risk being almost entirely allocated to tech.
I also hold WMT and BIIB, and I'm hoping to pick up a good defense/airline stock soon.
the gains are so extreme even a 20% drop before you FOMO out still absolutely dominantes any boomer shit
GPRO, AAV, S
>still depressed because by the time im rich i'll be too old to care
if you've got 21btc you're already rich you fuck how much money do you think you need really
What sort of shithouse country do you live in? 21 btc is good but it’s less than 150k
it's not possible to convert BTC into real money.
lmfao, keep fighting. It will be better than any other investment, and you at least have the option to cash out anytime unlike the cuckmarket.
Wtf are you talking about?
your real goals should be owning at least 1 in 100,000, or less.
21btc can't even buy you a house if you are from a first world country
i literally need 1btc to turn my life around, if you need more than that, then your problem is not money
Fucking kill me, what's the point of living
That only means you are from a shithole third world country
34dWjBM5FbJCzhTD5BV8PVp8YgMvqac3Hi
you could buy a 2 bedroom condo for that much, what are you complaining about? (lol)
I'll do it for .9 BTC
everybody that jumped on crypto relatively late had it in their heads that they would be able to get so rich they would never need to work again, forgetting that just like real life, only <0.01% of crypto investors would ever come close to that goal, even those that made money.
Would you buy a bathroom? Jesus 6k isn’t gonna fix your life
fuck you rich-born pieces of shit
its worthless now because you cant cash out
21 * 7k = 147k. In my country you are rich already
what's this about? why couldn't he cash out?
in most countries the govt will be fucking you over with transaction history and taxes
well that's always been like that
I know some spoiled faggot who literally spends $5000 a month traveling - his family is loaded. He wonders why other people are so poor and attributes it to you just being dumb and lazy :^)
LOL the saudis are importing every attractive young girls from america for animal fucking with american taxes and you mad at crypto bros.
what if they say you commited tax evasion by not reporting your gains in time?im not saying this is so, just think it may happen
you already made it. Just enter /cocoon/ mode for a year or two working 100% on yourself and you will be rich as fuck my man
What did he mean by this?
Don't tell me "big banks and quant funds have all the best models and arbitrage away any edge an individual could have". There's no way quant funds can move the price in a liquid futures contract enough to eliminate any edge an individual trading 1 to 5 contracts might have. The big players that move the price aren't looking for scalping opportunities. I don't need to make millions of dollars, even $10k a year would make it pretty worthwhile.
why dont you just go work for another HFT company and make more than 10k a year you stupid larper
Go away the market is full
I don't want to work for a company, I don't need the money enough for it to be worth it. But some extra income couldn't hurt and it seems like it might be fun to work on without the pressure of an 80 hour a week job
You will see exactly how many algos/humans are trading those markets. With TA, you're not really trying to take advantage of a mispricing. You're trying to do exactly what the market is telling you to do. If it's trending up, buy. If it's trending down, sell.
Are you fucking retarded?
*10, 20, 200 period moving averages
Relying on a single prediction model won’t win. Every model approximation of the market has flaws because the market is a many-body problem and macro behaviors that arise aren’t consistent and aren’t reproducible. As far as machine learning goes, modern techniques involve backtesting on years of data which only leads to overfitting. The best thing to do is to train on simulations where you account for every kind of speculator: from small fries to whales, with varying degrees of risk aversion, and account for other bots. However that takes too much computing power. But it’s worth a shot making a bot that recognizes TA patterns and try for that 55% accuracy like everyone else
Hft larp was totally unnecessary
Can you explain this?
The firm I worked at used literally zero TA. I don't think many people there believed in it. I can't use their strategies, so I figured I might as well ask for thoughts about alternatives that I can use
Have a look at the strategy I mentioned. If you have access to tick data, you could try applying the 200 MA on it. Combine reading the order book with your entries, to try add another layer of edge. Watch correlated markets too. For example, The Dow tends to follow the Nasdaq.
I'm sure it's not quite THAT easy... If you could make money using only mechanical entry rules based on moving averages, 98% of retail traders wouldn't be losing money. How do you tell a trend that's actually likely to keep going in that direction from a temporary artifact of random price movements?
There are a lot of HFT firms, and a decent number of people working at them. Is working at an HFT firm really so amazing that it must be larping?
Markets certainly don't always trend, and you must always be aware of news, and be disciplined with your stop placements, and your draw downs. But I promise you this is a viable way to make money, in the long run. Moving averages don't actually require other people to use them for them to be helpful filters (even though a large amount of market participants use them).
Simple models with only a small number of parameters already easily overfit, a simulation will always have a huge number of parameters and is basically guaranteed to deviate significantly from reality in some unexpected way, all the time
Well, here's what I can tell based on what I know. Outside of cryptocurrencies or some other exotic thing, what you have available as an individual trader is basically equities, futures, options, and forex. Fixed income is another thing but doesn't seem to be very suitable for short term trading or individuals. Stocks require you to post a lot of margin and commissions seem to be pretty expensive. Futures commissions seem to be much lower as a fraction of both contract size and tick size, and margin is very favorable (50:1 in some contracts compared to 4:1 at best for stocks). The more popular futures are also very liquid and have tight spreads. Options offer comparable leverage to futures but commissions and spreads are higher. Also, they are complicated and there is a lot to learn compared to futures. Forex is liquid and leverageable like futures, but it's an OTC market unlike trading on a futures exchange, and your broker makes money by quoting you some arbitrary spread they make up, can reprice your trades arbitrarily, don't guarantee fills even if the price crosses your limit price, all kinds of stuff. The thing that happened with the Swiss franc a few years ago spooks me because there are no guarantees whatsoever about getting fills on stop orders in an extreme market event, again unlike say CME where at least you're guaranteed that your stop orders are queued at the exchange and will fill if at all possible. So overall, futures seem to be the best deal at least in my case.
there are downsides to that too though, and if you're wanting to trade on low time frames, frequently, then thicc futures markets (like the SP500) will suit you well.
Honestly my biggest concern with forex is that the volatility is typically low enough that you really need a lot of leverage to make any money, and then you're exposed to getting well and truly fucked by black swan events like the Swiss franc unpeg. I don't want my broker coming after my savings the next time something stupid like that happens and I'm leveraged out the ass
Is the idea of trends/momentum foreign to you?
With a background at just one HFT firm, I don't have much knowledge of general trading strategies. HFT is very different from other types of trading. At my firm at least it was basically about scalping for just one or two ticks based on really rock-solid arbitrage relationships or microsecond level market microstructure. I definitely don't think that's the only way to make money in the market, but it's the only way I know much about. Trends and momentum are foreign to me in the sense that I've never seriously tried to use them or even looked at how well they work with backtests.
Or would you just refer to this as overfitting?
(Takes place on the weekly too)
Trading alts is almost impossible imo. BTC is possible, but you need to read a bit about it's history and big resistance/support lines, then you might be on something
My concern with this is that trends like that happen easily even if you just generate prices with a random number generator. If you want to make money, the question is whether you can look at that chart with the right half of it covered up and say that the trend you've seen so far will continue. There might be just as many charts with a similar first half that reverse in the second half.
As for the Dow Jones right now I certainly don't know what's going to happen. But I have to be bullish, so long as it's above the 200 day sma, and up-trending above the 200 sma.
Useless
Algo(bot) trader reporting in
Same questions
Any suggestions, as said, I have 4-6 years to do something and am willing to go down this path.
How does that work in general? Do you write your own bot? Do you implement your own algorithm / strategies? Do you just leave it running on or just for some periods of time?
Obviously, nobody is going to give you accurate instructions about how you should be applying it, kek
This geezer blogs about exactly that : http://www.financial-hacker.com
analysis-tutorials/
I wrote the bot myself and it trades off my own strats which are pretty successful and I just leave it to trade. If for some reason it throws and error it will send me an email but I have error handled pretty much everything so thats never happend.
Even though I haven't been trading for years and years, and certainly don't have experience in anything like HFT (although those trading strategies really interest me), I believe I've been through a lot. Not just from a trading perspective, but psychologically too.
You can make good profits market making, directional trading will be very difficult.
fRV_yIBI&feature=youtu.be
I would take those (((materials)) with a grain of salt, when I have a profitable strategy, I am not selling it, I am not explaining it to anyone, and I probably not even telling anyone I have it, kek
I got my HFT job out of college with just a comp sci background so I can't say what quant companies would want in general, but you probably can't go wrong with statistics, machine learning, and time series analysis. To pass the interviews you need to be pretty good at mental math and puzzles, order of magnitude estimates, things like that. You can find sample interview questions with google. If you want to trade for your own account in the meantime you're right not to bother with arbitrage at all, it is completely impossible without institutional capital and risk management.
Market making from a retail account? It's hard to believe you can make money in that with retail transaction costs. What do you think you can make a market in and make money as an individual trader?
Something is going wrong with your pandas code. I would assume that when you pull data from the api(please tell me you are using websockets) and you add it to the frame its not the same. For example does the api somes times group the data? Or you might actually be hitting an api request limit? Try changing the pull interval to every 5 seconds.
after the data had been added to the dataframe.
If you have discord or skype, I'd appreciate if you could help me or guide me a little bit from the start and give me a reality slap here and there. I don't know anyone going into my direction and I tried few forums, but they are mostly dead.
I also like to talk about trading forex/stocks in general and finding opportunities and volatility.
Bitmex has a maker fee of -0.025 regardless of volume, I'd try this first. If you have at least high five digits you can also go to bitfinex. They offer 0% maker fee, if you have a monthly volume of 7.5M$+.
I will be uploading some tutorials on making bots soon.
Thanks for sharing your trading experience. Sounds like you're doing well, good luck with the prop firm interview
I need four digit tag to add you.
Please don't say you are gone and forgot to add four digit tag. Fuck sake.
I linked the bot trading server before
Not bad, thanks
possible to get ~55-60% profitable trading on RSI/sRSI alone (not so much in the last few days due to the hyper bear market but meh). I think alg. testing probably works much better in a bull market though.
Why's that? If bear markets behave very differently from bull markets, you could at least have separate strategies configured for them backtested specifically using previous bear markets?
there deff am room for little guys
Personally I think you can make more money as a retail by investing instead of trading. Say investing in google 15 years ago and hold. Investing in crypto/tesla 5 years ago and hold. I bought some biotechs with promising treatment for cancer and I am holding them...
a TA thread in /biz/ is always a remarkable thing, kek
For my savings I just buy and hold broad stock index funds. I don't think I have any particular talent for stock picking, and I'd rather try strategies where I can immediately tell if they're losing money and just turn them off for a while before I lose more than a few thousand dollars, as opposed to sitting on positions that'll randomly draw down 30% or more a few years down the line if I happen to be wrong about my picks
yep, you are right. (probably) don't expect to be able to use the same algorithm for bear vs. bull though (imo)
Trading views back tester is terrible , it often makes trades more than 2 candles late.
This post wouldn't stop me when I started.
What do you mean specifically by "in the long run nothing can work"? You tried all that and nothing worked consistently even in backtests and paper trading? Or did they look good in testing but fail when actually deployed? Or did they work for some time but eventually stop working?
What assets did you trade?
Also methods rooted in reality, such as what a guy I know does, he/his company buys undervalued stock in a company that he sees potential in, goes to shareholders meetings, proposes to introduce Blockchain token into the company and waits, as far he is very successful with this, but also has large background in CS, trading and blockchain.
Stocks, everything on forex and crypto.
*Backtesting
I'm still not sure I understand what the specific cause of your strategies not working was, though. Naturally if you're data mining for periods and parameters that happen to work you're guaranteed to overfit and the strategy will immediately fail when you deploy it. But if you use good machine learning practices and at a minimum separate out a validation data set from your training set there is no reason I can see that backtesting shouldn't tell you whether your strategy is going to be profitable before you place your first trade. Are you saying NOTHING you tried ever gave you even a percent or two odds over 50% on your trades? What kind of timescale were you trading on?
You can even choose periods or seeming time cycles through genetic algorithms but this won't give you much insight.
About that 50%, no, some scalping methods could of worked but I didn't inquire further when I saw that all profits would be eaten up by commission.
Why does it matter that changing the backtesting period changes the parameters? Let's say you use your half and half split method, you learn some parameters from the training half, and the validation half shows that the strategy has a 55% win rate with the selected parameters. Did that just never happen for you in practice, or did the 55% win rate in validation just never materialize when you actually ran the strategy? Are you sure you weren't doing something like "testing" 100 different strategies and picking the winners from the validation set, which would contaminate the validation data and still cause overfitting?
Another simple, yet not know by all insight: when you reverse a losing scalping strategy, you will almost certainly end up with another losing startegy, due to spread.
This is one reason I'm looking at futures, commissions are low enough that scalping for even 1 tick would be profitable, and that's already deep HFT territory that I wouldn't bother attempting as a retail trader. Scalping for 5-10 ticks would make commissions negligible
(That is, unless your stop loss amount is greater than or equal to your profit target, in which case a 50-something win rate would get eaten by commissions)
To answer your question, it didn't materialize for me, e.g. I could be up in the first month than it would reverse on me.
And I second the field work with small stocks. Sure its not sexy but its the best way to make money in finance as a retail imo.In 4 years of trading I never made money consistently with TA but I did not try with futures.
So I cannot say that I tried it all, but you get the picture and after a while you are convinced about the limitations of TA and AI.
Thanks for sharing your experience though, it gives me more reason not to bother even entering any trades unless I have something that's paper traded profitably for at least a few months. What's the longest period of time a strategy would look like it was working before it went south on you? Did you ever implement some kind of statistical testing that would give you the probability that your strategy is still performing at 55% but is just having a bad run, vs the probability that it's no longer performing at 55% and should be shut off and replaced with a new strategy/parameter set?
Seems like you can try a thousand different network configurations, train them all on your training data, pick the top few based on the training data, evaluate ONLY those few on the validation data, and either keep or throw out the whole set based on their aggregate performance in validation? If you do this there should be no consequences to trying as many models and parameter combinations as you want, other than cost of computational resources?
It's just brutal seeing many people being lost in the false knowledge, and the smarter ones milking them. (TA)
Now you think, what about SL on capital etc. Just don't ;)
I have an acquittance working for a famous market maker who told me they have specific models to milk retail flow. And i have seen it happen, sudden surge of volatility on a stock just to chase stop loss orders. The stock would go back up right after touching some limit of a famous TA indicator.
But it doesn't insulate you from the assumption that there exist patterns in historical data that might show in the future.
What does SL stand for? Stock loan? I don't intend to trade equities at all, way too many costs and funky complications. Futures have no short sale restrictions, don't require borrowing anything, allow posting insanely low margin, and don't charge any interest on the rest of the value of the contract. Spreads are tight in the liquid ones and unlike in forex there is no need to cross the spread at all, depending on your strategy.
Yes, this is a key point. Do you think there simply aren't any patterns like this to be found, like with the efficient markets hypothesis?
Sounds like alot of limit orders and trailing stops.
But there are many levels of price manipulation, e.g. many times the small stock indexes in European countries are being supressed just because some whale predicts the reversal on larger indexes (like SP500/DAX) and is selling into apparent strength or buying into apparent weakness, learned about it from a guy who did this in his daily job.
SL = stop loss, level at which you automatically close the trade
Price manipulation should be a non-issue though unless you are trading based on fundamentals
No, I meant it's fishy because 14 trades is way too short. A couple of trades is beyond fishy. How on earth does a strategy that's profitable for 100 days IMMEDIATELY revert to 50/50 within one or two trades when you put it into production, unless you're data mining on your validation set? I really don't get this at all
Oh, I guess my question may not have been clear. I wasn't asking about winning streaks, but rather how long your strategies remained profitable before they went negative overall. A 55% win rate isn't going to get you many winning streaks; I agree if you're looking for those with TA you're guaranteed to have a bad time
Insight matters, if you know how e.g. ECB will react to certain drowdawn in EUR/USD you can make long term goals, seeing that after the day ends economy MUST be working, therefore less or more visible cycles do exist and given enough assets and time you can play it for it's money.
Your strategy just does not work anymore. Maybe other market participants found it, maybe they changed the way they trade ... Plenty of indicators work well only for a few months and you have to discard them. You constantly have to find new ones, especially if your time horizon is daily or less.
I can tell you with absolute certainty that if you will take a basic, shitty strategy like MA crossover and pick just the right parameters and starting date you will get more than 14 wins in a row, doesn't matter over how many days, it can be over many years in fact, or whatever really.
Sure, but assuming your test data includes the most recent previous trading days (which seems like a sensible method to me at least), then the only way for this to happen consistently would be for other market participants to randomly happen to find your pattern or change how they trade EXACTLY on the day you happen to start running your strategy. Otherwise wouldn't you already see the loss of effectiveness in your test data before you even start trading it?
You mean in backtesting, right? I don't doubt that at all, but again "picking just the right parameters" to get this result is not helpful. If you were getting 14 wins in a row in actual trading I'd think you'd be pretty profitable if you cut your losses quickly when your streak ends?
If the liquidity provider or a whale predicts that market is going one way and sees that if his move would bring price to certain level so as to make you think it's doing the opposite, he can get more cheap assets out of your pocket.
Lmao their signals are basically free money.
When will you stop hoping for a win. The same goes for the winning one, over time, evens out.
I'm not too worried about big players predicting my trading desu... this is certainly possible if you're trading based on one or two simple TA indicators, but I doubt anyone makes money doing that even without any stop hunting. But as you said before, there are infinite varieties of settings and parameters you can apply to a strategy that's even marginally more complex than that, and if someone is trying to predict THAT trading behavior, well, good luck to them... Besides, if this behavior is happening in the market the pattern will already be visible in the price data, and any strategy that gets predicted and stop hunted this way will test poorly
how much would you trust your code?
hahaha amateur
Seek the cause first. Otherwise you are very succeptible to being manipulated and falling into fake depths.
If you have a strategy that actually, in practice, generates 14 wins in a row, doesn't that mean your expected win rate must be extremely high? The moment you then suffer even a few losses afterward, you should have your system automatically remove the strategy from active trading and reevaluate.
Yep, I know it's just that I replied to some other anon about market manipulation and you replied to that and so the discussion went this direction ;)
This is one area where my HFT background actually would come in handy. Algos shitting the bed was virtually the only way the firm ever lost money. I know exactly how they implemented their risk controls, and if I do pretty much the same thing the risk of bed shitting is essentially zero if we're talking about trading just a few futures contracts. Even in a bed shitting situation I'd lose at most a couple of thousand dollars, unless I am literally retarded.
It comes down to your understanding of what price means, and it seems that pragmatically there are as many internal definitions as there are people.
That said, I've never actually tried this, so maybe the serial correlation effect is stronger than I think. But still, this is the kind of thing bayesian statistics are for
People were applying NN to market data decades ago, it's just that the new generations come, make it more popular, for them it's new etc. Have to try that, seemingly should make sense, right?
Well, thinking about it a little more I guess auto-stopping strategies 10% of the time is a bit much. Let's say 5 losses and 2% instead.
I know how HFT works, I'm not trying to implement HFT strategies because they are not practical for an individual trader. I was referring to HFT only in the context of risk controls for algos run amok, which is one aspect of HFT that I can apply directly to what I'm proposing without much modification.
I dont want my algo bot placing disaster trades at night when I'm sleeping cause some whales on the other side of the planet influenced the market indicators to make people sell
Somehow sound mind tells me this would cause you more losses should you use many strategies over time.
Just wanted to show my view on the other side - side that I know and you are questioning about, also draw a clear relation to your side.
The solution to this is to have an as-simple-as-possible risk control module external to all your other code that never changes. Unexpected PNL? Strategy stops until you intervene. Tries to place an order to buy 1 future when you're already long 1 future and you're only allowed to have 1 at a time? Strategy stops until you intervene. Etc etc. The HFT guys really cover ALL their bases with this method, and I can do the exact same thing. So long as you don't have bugs in this one module that's never touched or changed, your actual market risk is well-defined even in the face of bugs in your code or whales or what have you
lol, not even the greatest traders in human history have that kind of ration. 55% would make you a billionaire in a couple of years. not understanding this is why you and everyone else will never make it.
Why would this cause more losses? You mean because I'd be out of the market after having a run of losers without a chance of making the money back? Yeah, that's possible. But as you said, this kind of analysis can be done in backtesting.
You're nitpicking anyway, I was just pulling 55% out of my ass. If 55% is inhumanly good and impossible, then 51% or 52% is profitable and nothing changes. Unless you think only the greatest traders in human history have ever made money...
It is tempting, and I fell for this, it just should make sense, but it doesn't.
But you've at least convinced me that if I spend a few months on this and see no progress whatsoever in paper trading, I won't spend much more time beating my head against a wall on it. I'm the kind of person who thinks building machine learning models is fun though, so a little wasted time isn't a huge cost for me.
I have some good cyclical strategies based on my understanding of psychology with way higher win rate but the frequency is one trade per couple of months, at best.
I'm working on something similar, harder than it seems.
Pic related, easy BTC strategy since the main correction (still believe it's going down to 2k$-4k$ area).
There are many conclusions coming from this insight and sadly or rather not they won't help you fit it. The cause for TV shows such as Westworld.
Making lower highs @0.618 - 0.786 fib levels and 5.8k$-6.2k$ working as support. For some reason it's also exactly 51 days to find bottom since last ATH. Weird coincidance?
good luck
That's a next-level idea right there
Nothing special, price distribution.
AFAIK that's almost all that works right now, in neural networks at least, besides some recent successes with reinforcement learning
predatory algos already exist
English is not my native, forgive the misspellings.
What does this mean? Like a binned histogram of how many times it was at each given price level?
the output on NN is meaningless or repainting. I could see the argument for ensembles, but all publicly verifiable studies have shown better performance on genetic algos or even hidden markov.
Exactly, distribution chart is the superior way of viewing price.
Yeah but manipulating a price into the exact pattern required to adversarially cause someone's neural network to misclassify something would be a world record level of unnecessarily complex and completely impractical predatoriness
you can get to 70% manually. but only if you are dedicated to your system and have trust in it when you encounter a drawdown
This is almost exactly what im launching today, actually. Took me about 6 months to build it from the ground up with prior experience in programming
Oh, you mean supervised learning specifically doesn't work for time series of prices? Interesting if true, should be easy to check in any case. I'm not married to neural networks
i agree, that is until someone deploys enough capital into NN to make it profitable to scalp it to oblivion.
What will you be trading? Any paper trading results so far?
One detail which I'm unsure of is whether I should sell if the intraday price goes below the EMA9, or if the closing price goes below that (most likely the former is best)
This will be fixed and crypto is likely the first place for true AI to show up.
i know. the thing about trading (BRACE YOURSELF, THIS IS BIG!) is that figures are important in trading. weird, rigth?
>he bought the meme that we are computers
it's surprisingly easy to fool a neural net.
Even if you think we are all spirits, they can be seen as additional inputs to a function approximation.
Besides, you need access to the neural network itself to create adversarial inputs. Nobody's going to share their neural network models for people to adversarially attack. I guarantee there is absolutely 100% no way to do what you're proposing, now or in the future.
>confusing neural correlations of mental phenomena with causation
You can just train a new naive model and it's vulnerable to the same attacks.
How are you going to know which pixel (or price candle or whatever) to modify, and by how much, if you don't have access to the neural net's weights?
Adversarial attacks have to be custom-designed for the network being attacked, using the network's weights. Training your own model vulnerable to attacks isn't going to achieve anything, unless you intend to attack yourself.
f although it's not the only work in this vein.
I mean I guess if we're talking about images, you can train an identical model on the same data and discover the vulnerability that way. But you're never going to be able to make an identical model to my neural network, because I'm not giving you either the architecture or the features it's trained on.
Get back to me when you can train a substitute model to fit a completely unknown model to which you have no access to its architecture, inputs, or outputs, or literally any information whatsoever.
cue atheist cucks bout to literally shit all over their own keyboards.
https://arxiv.org/pdf/1602.02697v2.
Because it's easy to implement learning system that works? You can find literally 100s of implementations and examples.
Again, we're talking about trading here. The attacker knows literally NOTHING about the models being used. Are you going to tell me that you can find adversarial examples that will work for ANY generic model? Sounds like you've got a hell of a paper to write, send me the arxiv link when you're done
l-images
evo-cucks claim "random" mutation combined with selection pressure. back propagation isnt random.
Imagine trying to do the equivalent of the transformation that makes the cat look like a dog, with a stock price.
Backprop can be used in tandem with evolution if available. Or evolved stochastic approximations of backprop, which is what biological learning is.
neural networks are entirely artificial and constrained. algorithymic models of evolution fail spectacularly every time they are tried. i'm sure you know this.
If you want this to work for trading against "neural networks trading this security" in general, rather than a specific adversarial attack on a neural network you'd have to resort to just creating misleading price action that robustly fools most classifiers, at which point you're just engaging in tried and true price manipulation same as we had before neural nets showed up. If it can fool humans too, I'll grant you it'll fool at some substantial subset of classifiers.
I love these stupid AI exhibition matches
Good luck becoming a billionaire in 2 years trading 1 to 5 contracts with a 55% win rate, faggot. But I'm sure you didn't bother to read what I said in the OP before you decided to show off how smart you think you are. Fuck off
Heard it here first ..... the selling starts at 8am
Daily reminder weed is for degenerate losers
sweet going all in
fuck yes i've been waiting on this. TIME TO BUY
Daily reminder that degenerate losers are for weed
Did little baby have a panic attack when he smoked the marijuana cigarette?
Daily weed that degenerate reminders are for losers
i smoke weed and have more money than you tho
low impulse control, absolutely pathetic
Daily losers that degenerates reminders are for weed
t. millenial
Not to sleep but I can't play games or watch a movie without it. I can feel the lost gains when I'm not high. Weed is a cheap substitute for the high of a good deal.
Choke on shit covered dick, pleb faggot
Hey /biz/. I know little to nothing about investing but I want to invest in the one market I believe in, weed. My plans to do my own research and try make a portfolio of top dog cbd companies, companies trying to brand themselves for recreational use and maybe a couple cig companies. Any words of advice before I make my money disappear?
Thank me later
>Stellar has an opportunity to break out into the top 5 coins by being what Ripple was supposed to be. A fast, cheap and simple cryptocurrency that can function well for both fintech and everyday people. Stellar is ready to go right now. Not tomorrow, not in 2 years, and not hypothetically.
Who here buying up?

StellarX coming soon
I need Stellar that's. Pls help
by being what ripple is*
youll miss out

t. no lumens fag
Stellar ain't a ETH killer like the Chinese wannabes. It's just simpler and faster.
Stellar will be 15-25 dollars in 5-7 years. The maximum price for stellar is 350, this can be achieved in 15-20 years time. This is a long term hold coin.

it's fucking crypto, not a long term investment account, holy shit are you really this delusional or just a terrible shill?
Quads, just went all in on Stellar
Stellar was created 5 years ago, of course it's a long term investment, it has many years to go to reach it's potential. You will only lose money buying and selling trying to time the market. Just buy and hold for 10 years, that's investment 101.
Fucking checked

also checked
anyone have a timeline of when we can expect? I'm holding bags and I need to make some $, 80% of my investment is in XLM
>not a long term investment
Need Stellar thots
Can't argue with those digits. Fuck it, I'll grab some XLM then.
PLS RESPON
It will be at least 2 months
lol if thats true i will be making 6 figures a year from the inflation alone
Ripple is epic fail. I somewhat doubt that crypto has a future but if any crypto is going to make it Stellar is one of them.
Of the five mentioned, it has the best chance tbqh
I think they'll add a shitcoin they didn't even mention in their tweet, honestly
I hope not

if hans sells i'm out. he says october 5th is the day of reckoning. either they have a major update or he's gone. no one has defended this project more autistically than him
Who cares? Every alt coin is dead right now, nobody cares about shitcoins which aren't even traded on binance
he hasnt said any such thing.When you have to resort to complete lies, you have failed completely to fud.Shows how strong the project is.
you're obviously not in the right telegram group faggot
Screencap it then queer
Jibrel supports ISIS. I reported them.
his latest post on the jibrel telegram he is looking forward to jibrel in 2019.Your lies to get cheap jibrel are not even convincing.
nah fuck you not spoonfeeding you shit. don't give a fuck if you don't believe me. he is waiting until 10/5 and implied he will leave if we don't have major news. again, you're in the WRONG telegram group faggot. figure it out on your own.
lol, in the group but cant make a screengrab.Nice lies faggot.Anyone here can go to the jibrel telegram and read exactly what hans really thinks.THREAD FAIL.
Lots of JNT talk recently. Feeling comfy bagholdimg
No other mentions of October 5 or Oct 5
How's he supposed to "figure it out"? Either he's in this group or he isn't. Nobody should care about Hans but if you want people to believe you take a screenshot.
THERE ARE MULTIPLE TELEGRAM GROUPS THAT HANS IS ACTIVE IN YOU FUCKING MASSIVE IDIOT. HOLY SHIT YOU ARE SERIOUSLY NOT GONNA MAKE IT, HOW CAN YOU NOT FUCKING GATHER THAT INFORMATION FROM MY NOW THREE SEPARATE POSTS EXPLAINING IT TO YOU
I feel optimistic still but there is basically no talk compared to a few months back. All there is right now is the odd shitty article on random crypto clickbait websites once per week.
massive faggot, very sad!
fuck off only 3 one is the main group, 1 is chink group, one is russian
your info means nothing without proof.I can prove with multiple screenshots this isnt what hans thinks from what he has said on the jibrel telegram.Now fuck off faggot and cry you cant buy anymore cheap jnt to add to your 1000 jnt "stack".
pics or it didn't happen.
Hans is a sandnigger, who cares
none of you guys deserve to make it jfc. i'm going to be laughing in your fucking faces when you put it together and realize i'm not larping at all
Even if hans was threatening to sell, which he isnt, why would that mean anything?He gets destroyed when he debates with anyone half intelligent.Takes him 10 minutes to write a 4 line reply to anything.I wouldnt use him as a litmus test as to if the project is good or not.Make your own mind up you weak minded idiot.
Seriously, JNT is 1/2 price ICO. Just fucking buy it instead of posting bullshit trying to manipulate the market. If anyone held onto JNT this long, they aren't fucking selling.
he's actually a pretty smart guy in his own way. i think he's quite wealthy and talks at a high level about the market in general... in the OTHER telegram group that apparently none of you brainlets can locate which means you haven't been following the original TG group closely enough. pathetic.
Look, your other group isnt special, nobody cares about your "secret club".The most vocal of the jibrel group are the poorest, putting money in week by week from their poverty jobs, which is exactly why you made this shit thread, because if you can lower the price you might be able to buy yourself a night out this week.Anyone with money doesnt make these panic threads, because they have the money not to worry.Any crypto is a high risk investment.
If he was such a smart guy he wouldn't announce well in advance this sort of stuff while he still owns JNT. Yawn, let me know if Phil ever says anything.
he's a retard who unironically fell for the "long term" and "tech" meme in crypto. The only smart move was to dump this shit right after the ico when it was 2 or 3x, he may be a loaded boomer but he only loses money. If you think that "tokenizing assets" (basicly printing erc20 while holding the real thing) requires $30M for "development" you are deluded. They scamed people out of money like pretty much every other shitcoin team during the ico mania. If they did the ico today they wouldn't raise $2m
nice projection loser, guarantee my stack is bigger than yours. i'm sure if i'm larping you'll be able to find this post in the original TG group pretty quickly
I dont doubt you arnt in a group with that fag, (which says it all about you).The fact you can post that and not what you claimed shows you are a lying faggot , who is poor and wants more cheap because you have to ration your wages every week.
How retarded are JNT holders? Fuck this whole bouncy sandcastle shit project
Exactly, this retard can even plan anything out without fucking it up.

i will unironically sell if hans does. say what you will about the man but he knows a lot about crypto and has been in the game a long time. he met the team and has been shitting up the TG every hour for months like it's full time job. if he sells he knows something is massively wrong with the project or with the crypto market in general
Hans is in other telegram groups, WORLD BREAKING NEWS.Im tired of talking about Hans, he is a fucking retard and anyone basing any of their opinions of this project on him needs to leave crypto asap.Everyone groans when Hans replies to anything like he is a figure of authority.
Again, you base your opinions on somebody everyone else think is dumb.Nobody cares what Hans thinks or what you think.Nobody wants to work out anything you say, you have proven you cant even think for yourself.
he is annoying, not dumb. don't conflate the too. the guy is obviously well-educated. it's a meme to make fun of him on biz but only a brainlet would seriously think he doesn't know a good bit about investing.
you are so stupid, you cant even grasp basic psychology.If you really thought Jibrel had a chance of not making it, the last thing you would do would be to fud and tank your own investment.You would keep quiet and hope you could make it out before anyone else.Each post I put your IQ lower and lower.
He's a clueless boomer, mark my words. He doesn't even realize that his tokens would be worthless even if jibrel itself would be successful.
>h-hans is an idiot anyways
at least this idiot consistently attacked hans the whole time instead of changing his tune after getting btfo
dude, just stop.You have been BTFO by every reply in this thread.This might be the biggest fail thread by an OP I have ever seen.Just stop and pray nobody else replies or notices your complete failure.
Luca, you're not going to make it
Too many people believe in Bitcoin now for it moon as hard as it did. Gradually, more people have come to accept Bitcoin. Those same people have no come to accept alts yet.
what exactly is the point of this thread again?
Congrats on unironically being the biggest brainlet I've seen on /biz/ for the past few days. I wanted to post a brainlet wojak, but none in my folder would describe your stupidity sufficiently.
point about diminishing returns is duly noted. in all candor i don't think hans will sell but i've never seen him this rattled by the project)
to laterally and underhandedly get a discussion of JNT going because every thread the past month dies. to honestly communicate that people with once rock solid conviction are wavering. to smite doubters and room temperature iq faggots such as
Exchange token (as most exchanges these days do) which allows holders to collect a percentage of all trading fees, dependent upon how many tokens you’re holding
Forgot to mention all the generic memes like “Weekly updates from team”, etc.
it boggles my mind that this is not taught in schools
He is our alien.
If they tried it in America you'd get too much pushback from mouth breathingn republicans who are upset math isn't being taught the same way they learned it 40 years ago.
So this is how autistic people think
at post like this you notice that Vitalik should really have visited a university for some time. He sounds like a retard
Us math chads don't give a shit about your optimal computer algorithm, code monkey.
He needs a life coach
Stop impersonating me
We're both fakes. Now fuck off.
what the fuck is money skelly on about, you unironically get the same answer either way you do it
Ha you're too smart for me
less computation you brainlet
this is why money skelly hates chainlink; because it was developed at a university for (((them)))

tfw just did an hour of vortex math...
>less computation
Seems like a waste of time. You get the same number regardless. Imagine all of the extra keystrokes he's wasting if he codes like this.
I completely agree with you, outright fascists should take over science education.
How is it less computation when there's more operations taking place? No wonder ETH is so slow
or am i missing something?
only matters if you're doing this by hand or something. its actually easier/quicker to do (a+b)/2 on a calculator, in fact if you're doing many computations is probably less error prone to do (a+b)/2. Its also much clearer in a program as people know exactly what you're doing (if you're not just calling a math library on a set of data). Its so autistic to think one way is better, in fact most people just think like a + (b-a) / 2 in their head anyway when dealing with simple numbers. You are a pseudo intellectual brainlet if you think you are special by knowing that.
im not cs graduate, but my guess is that it relates to creating a bigger number which takes up more memory. or maybe not
Yeah, sure skelly. "Less" computation.
Doesn’t he have anything better to do like purchase more lambos
what am you do if want average more than two numbers ?_?
lol fucking mathlet!
Is he implying people multiple odd numbers by 2 before dividing by 2 to try and avoid bad numbers? I dont get it lmao
the fact that you can't tell this is a shitpost thread makes me question your ability to call others brainlets
Kill yourself.
Hows the butthole?
if you were supposed to divide by 2 before adding a?
hmmmmmmm
imagine not understanding something so much that you think this is an appropriate and/or brilliant response
I thought he was supposes to be a computer science genius

this pretty much, and even then they avoid DIV/IDIV like the plague already since it eats up so many cycles
I was never taught this and never formally derived it, but I still use it to find averages because I'm used to numbers and can intuitively understand that it will work. That is what schools should try to teach.
This is one of the signs of autist programmers who USUALLY get stuck trying to make perfect code and never really accomplish anything. While some butterfingered retards build Skyrim and smash a metric fuckton of esp files together and create art.
and this is why almost every software released in the last 15 years is a complete mess of unoptimization and bugs, especially video games.
>he thinks three steps of 2+2 is more computation than 1 step of 43636 + 5366536
Do you prefer a game you can play or no game at all. Because it sounds like you would prefer nothing ever get finished ever.
>spazzing out over common knowledge
computers are dumb as fuck, try to make a simpe flappy bird by yourself, with all the necessary features for publishing, and see how much fun you have. Multiply the work by 10 if you're doing an AAA game, the kind you probably play
Every elder scrolls game actually had a very good engine for its time. They care about the competence of their game engine creators.
fucking 10 isn't even kind of close to describing a AAA game dev cycle.
And those are the idealistic fuckers I have to argue with because they dont fucking understand what its like to be a god damn human half the time. Its like I'm talking to machines.
probably, I can't even imagine cause I'm a scrub
That's not even true. The correct way is to use 0.5 * (a + b) because divisions are slow as shit.
If I wanted to make it faster what more formula do I have?
He's talking about doing the calculation mentally or on paper, not about coding, I don't know why everyone is talking about coding in the thread. If it's about coding what he says is not true unless making the computation with larger numbers is slower which doesn't makes sense because an integer has the same number of bits whether they're zeros or not, but I'm not educated enough to be sure
Search for catastrophic cancellation
Let the bugs flow through your veins.
>t. autistic "savants"
That's the point idiot
what about (b - a)/2 + a?
compiler will just change the division to bit shifting operations anyways, doesnt matter
Don't think it is easily generalizable where there are more than two numbers. That's teaching things like this is a limiting optimization that doesn't bring a lot of improvement, but hinders learning substantially if serving as a base for further learning.
kek. i tried it and this even worked
(a+b)/2 is clearly the shorter way because it takes 2 steps while whatever dog shit vitalik uses takes 3 steps. the only people complaining about the first one are too small brained to handle large numbers
When is this fool going to stop shitposting on twitter and finish building eth

467262.5 is your average.
>Tfw it's just the original rkg with different addresses
Vitalik said don't do that. Do you dare question our lord and saviour? He made people rich. Bow down you peasant
That's the same exact thing besides ignoring the matching places.
You're all shitposting right? This is common knowledge, I sincerely hope.
I mean that’s how you average a stream of numbers when you can’t access the whole set at once. And it is taught in schools if you ever take a programming class
na there is a much simpler method for this particular arrangement of numbers. 4672 are redundant, all that needs to be calced is the last 2 digits the most efficient calc is just 125/2
I don't know what anons talking about, but I'm shorting ETH till situation with searching most optimal algorithm of computing two averages become more clear.
haha money skelly BTFO
What he says doesnt apply all the time but it does for complex numbers... Who would really add up a few millions, add em up and divide them by two when you could just add the difference between both numbers to the first (e.g. a difference of -230 added to 2304860 giving you 2304630...). Hes just trying to tell people that doing this in your head is much quicker when dealing with high numbers that are close together, however posting that and also assuming people dont have a calculator for numbers in the range of a few millions is autistic as fuck.
the space a number takes is determined upon variable declaration when you say what type of number variable you're using (integer, double, float, short, long, etc.) afaik the proccesor/ALU can't look ahead to see if there are only zeroes filling the rest of the spaces allocated to the number (binary representation)
My phone has been ringing for 5 hours....I can't turn it off....and my battery actually seems to be recharging...

PoW is unethical, animals are dying for ours greed
Also scarcity of electricity is artificial.
based anon
>We're not trying to boil the ocean here, our north star hasn't changed
>That wasn't on my radar until now
STOP STOP STOP STOP THE PTSD AAAAAAAAAAA
>can someone get me a can of bangs, looks like we're going overtime
I've even stopped wearing my seatbelt
Student here. Is this accurate?
If you don't have any business ideas of your own before age 25 and realistic plans to completing them, you should probably just kys because this is your life. Unless you are a normie and you enjoy it, in which case you're probably just a soulless NPC.
I don’t even work in an office but reading these threads fills me with terrible existential dread
DELET THIS IMMEDIATELY
>Hey this is Bob in Miami
Any office based job that has an MBA within 500 feet is going to be like this. All day.
But for a senior management stakeholder addressing their team, all of OP's statements seem reasonable - not overly technical, easy to digest, simple and unambiguous without being emotionally charged.
People were so caught up in the bullshit, that it took someone chimping out, laying down some simple Alpha tier commands, and everyone falling in line for us to actually get a resolution to our problem.
100% accurate
omg it's legit my fucking life. Companies these days are a fucking meme.
Yep, listening to stories about office work life literally makes me want to kms.
I quit my blue collar electrician job for this. I want to go home :(
This thread isn't even that bad. The analyst fire drill horror stories from that thread earlier in the week were actually PTSD inducing.
Remember the name or a link?
>Let me get with payables and see where we are on Q3 numbers
The only horror story may have been the first post. The other ones are more general office humor.
Thanks
Mandatory and recurring conference calls are fucking cancer
im only 20 years old and i've heard every line here a million times already AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCK WAGEKEKING I CANT WAIT FOR MY BUSINESS TO TAKE OFF
PMs don't really know what they're doing so they say this shit to keep looking busy
I don't expect them to design dashboards or build an analytic strategy, but you should be able to handle low level shit like that.
>I'd you and Kelly to come up with a Data Driven solution to raise our clients social media interactions
>righto boys remember to fill out those JSAs we want all of ya getting home to the missus and kids this arvo
>moving forward
>Officer Brandon Thompson of the Redville Police Department was the investigating officer. Officer Thompson cited your insured for failure to exercise due care in operating a motor vehicle, to which your insured pleaded guilty. A copy of the police report is attached hereto as Exhibit 2. Officer Thompson will testify both to the severity of the wreck and to the fact that your insured was clearly liable for the injuries Mr. Daubry sustained.
>I don’t WANT to have to micromanage you....
>2nd verbal warning.
>Let's get right into it
I DONT GIVE A SHIT ABOUT ANY OF IT REEEEEEEEE
Anyone else work in a place that talks so much about KPIs - huddles, meetings, updating stats etc. that you never have time to actually do fucking work so have to work on weekends like me now? Kill me
>Remember there is no need to stress this one
>unconscious bias training
>diversity awareness seminar
Start again, rinse, repeat.
this post triggered me
>Standup over
Sprint planning
They make bank though so whatever
>this is the reality of the work
The hiring process will be a real headache, though.
They only remind me of this absolute shitshow of a company that I'm working at. Saving up money so I can get back to uni next year.
I just protect the devs as much as possible from shit above.
The more they get paid, the lazier they are.
>this whole god damn thread
I just wannna build neural networks and throw in thousands of variables :(
Do these actually mean anything or are they just empty phrases?
HOW COME SHANIQUA NEVER HAS TO DO IT!
>just like all the data, whatever we got
Yeah, I always think to myself, "oh, we won't be going back in time for this one?" when I hear that.
And of course nothing comes
They do have meaning to people who have to cooperate to perform a job. Both the surface meaning and the political, context dependant, meaning.
Data Science bro here. It's because half of us come from some variant of an Applied Statistics background rather than a Comp Sci background so all of our code is shit.
please stop
>Lets get on a call and discuss our ideas for the LEAN initiative. I want everyone to bring one idea to the table that we can look into implementing. We're trimming the fat guys so let's really crank the gears here.
>Make sure jamal is at the meeting tomorrow so the boss doesn't see just whites there
This used to work until I started working with women. Actually working and addressing issues is "hostile".
Felt like jumping off a cliff
Also, Deloitte S&O Senior Associate. This thread is giving me PTSD.
this so much. 300k starting salary for DS at bullshit companies like stichfix to be SQL monkeys
How the fuck have you lasted that long
Ugh. Though this could be an opportunity to focus the program on things that would actually improve D&I in a natural way (have the KPIs focus on general recruiting pipelines rather than some bullshit initiative) instead of forcing diversity via quota, still isn't something I'd be interested in.
WTF is up with this? Why would they do that? I am a college dropout with a extremely shitty GPA.
because they understand that there's no substitute for intelligence and learning ability in the job they wanted to give you. some 110 iq subhuman taking that job while "knowing the motions" due to high experience would be much worse for them in the long run than a 135iq+ brainchad like yourself, who even if you made mistakes early, would be a tremendous asset later and would likely be singled out for promotion down the line due what they assumed would be your superior perceptive abilities.
My guess is because you're larping and you get to control your fantasies while doing so
Will ETC pump harder than other alts next week? Asking for a friend
WHEN BINANCE YOU CHINESE FUCKS
Next year, they got banned from votes for a year
Source?
Lolol serves you right trying to FUD Elastos now you fuckers gonna have the same fate
ELASTOED
this photo is from yesterday. will be listed on binance before eoy guaranteed they are just trying to get it for free through connections. stock up now while you can retards.
Reminder
that it was a nice pump and dump
reported for repetitive spam

Nice try Rakesh
If you have enough points you can join the VIP room where you receive rewards. For example, today is the day we shared dick pics which is apparent why OP is very motivated to make his points today. Keep up the good work peon!
Good one thanks anon, gave me a laugh
Comfy with 10k
MASTERLINK
What will Swift use Chainlink for and where does the token LINK come into play?

and nobody cares about your worthless shitcoin
i kind of admire a shill operation with the energy and intensity that holo has. obviosuly this makes it bearish, but still. keep it up lads.
cya clueless nerds ;j
This is probably retarded wrong but goddamn I hop you are right
if you are right, my 2.5m bag is gonna retire me
This is it
its here already?
sir explain
please explain i am a brainlet
>biggest HVN on chart is 8k
will be the 32 retrace. not now. lol.
Is there an easier way to buy XLM and XMR than using binance? I don't entirely trust that exchange
cryptoads lmao
buy it on binance and withdraw into paper wallet??
Kraken? That's what I've always used and they have FIAT trading pairs.

Plus, good support (for me atleast).
if you're looking for a US based exchange you can trade XLM on Poloniex (on margin!) but they still have it listed under the legacy ticker STR

Bittrex or Kraken. I wouldn't use Polo, I still have a support ticket from 2017 that they haven't answered.
Or, just make your purchase on binance and send to a wallet you control.
Try payfair. no KYC
shapeshift.io, no account required.
Yep, coinbase soon

Imo bittrex is one of the more trustworthy exchanges
Same for me, I actually fcked up by sending wuthdrawal to savings account and my bank triet do cuck me, and I kid you not, Tyrone from kraken saved my money
shapeshift
this. i buy stellar on bittrex, ol' faithful
>DUDE LE BOOMER MEME HAHA OLD PEOPLE SUCK HAHA ROCK MUSIC XD WHITE MONSTER XDDDDD
>DUDE GURO DEAD ANIME GIRLS
is... is that bizzonacci?
anon you're trying too hard now, chill.
Good. Good. I can feel your anger.
Thoughts?
I mean is there even anything to short in south africa?
best of luck Anon
Look at the pic anons
I know nothing about south africa and I can tell thats propaganda. Fuck off incel.
>81% of supply used for catalytic converters
You have no idea how bad it is
They are going to be a failed state before any real change happens.
So fuck off shill.
They're also in the process of starving off millions of Africans so try and keep your chin up.
wasn't the land stolen to begin with? fair is fair
No actually. They bought the land legally with loans and and banks are shitting their pants because they are going to default if the land is stolen from them.
This is the fundamental truth behind every race-related disparity under the sun and the only reason why we aren't able to talk about it is that we all know it's true and don't want to hurt black people's feelings by pointing it out.
>white masterrace
It's essentially a short where the upside is coupled to the collapse but the downside is coupled to other factors.

nigger cope
GOTTEM
Because as a group the Jews are the smartest people on earth.
If one is certain that South Africa will fail, the easiest way to short it is through its currency. Short the rand against the U.S. dollar or the Euro. Of course, you'll have to get the timing right.
Jews are a lot like Indians. They both have high IQs like whites but have dark enough skin that they can also play the race card. They are basically Wakandans.
So technically we should be shorting Rhodium companies based in South Africa and buying stocks in those that are not based in South Africa? Is this the right method
They are executing the masters' orders
I am a South African AMA that picture is true though.
LARP detected, no way were 24K people were murdered last year
>implying playing the race card was even a concept before the last 50 years.
Check for yourself dummy.
No, the SAVI is the volatility of certain stocks in that basket. its the VIX for the S&P500 but in SA. a future prediction of volatility over the next 30 days you can short or long...
Here is a link about a upstanding young black man who says he will microwave babies. He lives in Johannesburg very nice place in the very up class areas.
oh sweetie
>Implying the quality of life for non-semetic Caucasian people hasn't gotten exponentially worse in the last 50 years.
>i was just pretending to be retarded
Oh are you talking about the farm murders and how whites are targeted at a very high rate compared to the general murder rate?
>it’s not because blacks are stupid
>people
young? also that guy should be killed
hell, they could probably sell cheaper.
You had plenty of chances last year when usd/zar was at 11.8
nigger detected
um-price-rally-coming-end/
are there any black nations that aren't third world?
No... it wasn't stolen.
(I know Angola and Nigeria have great wealth but it sure AF doesn't trickle down to 99% of the populace in either country).
I'm going to need a source for that statement.
Go long on platinum
>that image
No they aren’t. Ashkenazi jews are 30% European dna. Purebred middle eastern mizrahi Jews have lower iq than ashkenazis. That should tell you all you need to know.
>we all are insane
>knowing sergey isn't real but nonetheless respecting the values imposed by organized religion
>the psyop takes over
Tfw when you realize religion was the greatest power in the last millenia for that exact reason.

>the psyop takes over the previous psyop
I'm worried now. Quality FUD
oh boy
chinked. team continuously lying about "working on exchanges"
So anything happening?
Banned from binance for a year
New kind of nigger
really?


Yes just like elastos
where do you see this? nothing about it on their eddit
Need sources right now.
it's bullshit, they aren't banned. but the team are too cheap to pay for a listing anywhere
If you ain't buying this now, get out of crypto. Waited for it to reach a bottom and In my honest opinion it just did
List on binance you cheap chinks
Admit it, if you bought it you got CHINKED
>tfw token metrics are worse than ONT
Definition of a scam coin, made by a bunch of pajeets. You know better /biz/.
this is a lie. there were photographs of the NKN team with the director of binance labs YESTERDAY.
I guarantee it will be listed on another exchange this month and will eventually be listed on binance free of charge. this photo is from yesterday.
So how high did you buy op? 50 cents? I can't believe people, (sorry I didn't mean to say people because nobody can be this stupid) are still bagholding xd.
holy fuck, i tried to do the heart symbol since i recognized it and then realized my fingers are like twice as long as theirs. whats going on
>If you start with 1$ and guess 20 1% moves correctly you are a millionaire.
ok now go practice flipping a coin to land heads 20x in a row
*and if u get 1 wrong u are bankrupt
Ready for him to eat his own cock in two years?
Isn't that the McAfee antivirus guy? I thought he was in prison for trying to coup d'etat the Bolivian government or someshit. Why would he eat his own dick?
MACAFEE IS GONNA MAC-A-FEAST ON HIS COCK!
He is /ourguy/ and will never be imprisoned by a 3rd world country.
Sadly his enemies will probably get to him by then.
You faggots forgot he once said that he can eat his cock but by prostitute on twitter
he said 1 million is his safe bet, but 2 to 5 is more likely, and up to 8 is possible. million. by 2020
Well, still a better chance than India being a superpower by 2020
We're not here to take part, we're here to take over.
Weak shill attempt
oh wow, it's nothing
BTC might go to 50k next year, but you know deep in your heart that testing $4200 is inevitaBEEl.
fuck you pajeet
How knee are you to crypto? If we were going to test $4200 it would have already happened. Btc will trade sideways for a while longer before the next bull market but we won’t go below $6400.

Daily reminder that Bitcoin is tulip mania 2.0
it's dollar you stupid
Token price has its ATL and currently: $ 0.05
i like cet
im down like 50% :(
Bitmax will wipe the floor with this and Fcoin.
Chink scam
Decentralized Exchange with CET used to GAS
how do the divs work.. i am getting like 0.5% a day but is that 0.5% of my original investment value? or of the current crashing value
Thanks for the red flag.
Also, my ID is literally GOD. Suck it, OP.
for example, if you own 1% of all CET, you get 1% of 80% of the past 24 hours worth of tx.
.00005018 bch is the buy signal but really the exchange is lil weak, fcoin is better and has a better compounding and looping capital platform
they are giving out half the supply over a 6 month period, based on your trading volume
The total CET supply is fixed at 10 billion. 50% is held by CoinEx team and the other 50% is used for free allocation to CoinEx users.
If not, at least don't come whining in 6 months when all market is up 500% again
I'd berry
How much link for this classy lady?
>classy
I'd ...... Perianne Boring

What the fuck she's hot
that makes it hot
she's rich too
OP, you really don't understand Women do you?
she is probably down for all kinds of degenerate sex
you guys are american, right? only people with mutilated dicks would find this offputting jewess sexy
you wouldn't creampie Ambers holes?
>"This bitch has choked more chickens than Tysons"
Don't tell me getting someone probably richer than some countries to do some degenerate shit in the bedroom isn't hot
She most likely has her little dependant cuck-boy who she bosses around for fun.
>More peckers than woody wood.
god I wish that was me
>More schlongs than Hong Kong
I'd let her gobble my cock as long as she doesn't have the herp
Anon, the "get women in to crypto" meme is for them to buy our bags.

Daily Reminder that Bitcoin is basically tulip mania 2.0 and you're going to lose all your money
thanks just bought 100k
Tulips rot and you can grow more tulips of the same kind.
daily reminder that tulip mania didn't happen. OP, thanks for sharing your sister's highschool graduation picture.

for real—take your ugly porn to one of the many landfill sites specifically made for your specific kind of degeneracy, full of other pathetic, snivelling rubbery cucks just like you; stop spilling your sewage across an anonymous imageboard for the discussion of business in search of your boyfriends, and go to one of them instead
Not if you're shorting it
>microdick white guy detected
Bummer.
Fucking nonsense and cringe
daily reminder that this what niggers think and thats why they never gonna make it. In fact, they should have extinct long time ago.. but thanks to white cucks they still crawling and shitting all over the planet.
Hot. Source pls
You mad we taking your women while you invest in tulips 2.0?
Made about rape? Yes
This, honestly. Kill yourself OP, nobody will miss you
LIKED, SUBSCRIBED, AND CRINGED
There's a lot of buying going on on this shitcoin, someone is quietly trading quite a bit.
even lower price while they buy even5
its called FAKE volume :D
probably a market maker bot simulating fake volume to lure retail buyers in
also buy HEXXCOIN
seems they've been doing a hell of a job as the volume has been steadily growing and there's a ton of upward price pressure
it probably is just a volume bot, but it could also be an operator accumulating
the activity could also attract other bots
>bot activity could also attract other bots
>pls buy my bags
>cripple buying ripple
poor... poor linkies....
why are we multiplying
Like bitconnect after exitscamming, the price dumps almost 90% but there were bots buying the dump and pumping the price of a scam.
you're thick as fuck m8
uhh ?_?
thus FUN/ETH is stable while FUN/BTC dumped
Can't pass up a chance to talk shit about Link, can you?
Kek. Did my shitlink bashing actually make you hate it?
thank you based 4chanX
me have always hated link >_>
FUN $2 EOY
no... there's not...
point?
Fuck off beak
you blind?
Coinbase soon lads load up
Y Combinatorrr
did someone shop the gooks neck?
dropped
>mooommmmm we're doing an ama we don't want chicken tenders right now"
fuck these chinks
I knew they weren't going to add anything they tweeted about, they're going to add a bunch of other irrelevant shit coins
REQ and QSP incoming
cringe
>chinks
>can get okay but not stellar academic recs, not sure if I can get a work one yet
It's going up like crazy the last couple days, like 200%
It's a liberal coin literally, but whatever, looks like a scam anyway.
What do you see?
it's a sucker's rally

kek. This kills the amerimutt
Think...and look again
No hes right, 100x short man. Suckers rally confirmed!!
In denial!! 4-5k
It actually no bullshit does look like suckers rally. Its over bought right now. You are going to want some chips with that dip.
It's 1936...
i see this man winning the german elections around the same time the (((market))) suddenly started to turn around in order for (((them))) to have enough economic muscles to manipulate the world against the real Satoshi Nakamoto.
I REPEAT THIS IS NOT A DRILL

BUMP, go check your junk email box and see if you've received this scam email
You realize that girls will never look up to you even if you make it right?
speak for yourself virgin
>implying we're gonna make it
Kek, speak to yourself and go outside sometimes. Im decent looking manlet but I still get girls
Why the fk should i care?
Does anyone look up to anyone else anymore?
That's why I went to Korea and Taiwan and fucked some Asians
You only need them looking straight ahead at your pubes
I'm 6'5", females are always looking up lol
yes my fellow 4channers, I too have sex and mention it here. Top kek fellows! Down with Incel!
Easy $0.01 on listing
Because I am not a poorfag.
Cant afford a rig
that's not even a coin
what the fuck is this?
Tera Foundation, you're welcome
seems legit
Tera with one T, not two.
I am retarded, one R, not two.
>actually mining shitcoins.
when listing?
work? my cpu just does some bullshit while I sleep.
stay poor /biz/
no thanks, im happy mining NERVA and actually contributing to the good of crypto as a whole, supporting a project which is an interesting experiment in how pow will continue once the reward for doing so will be gone
So it's just another shitcoin with literally nothing unique?
Whats happening here?
That's actually a good sign for once.
low volume and price going up is a bullish sign
Its feels bad, its only slow grind up with single digit gains. Then once volumes come back a bit maybe it'll drop like a rock.
Yep. Too bad that my Coinbase deposit won't make it in time to buy the absolute bottom.

Wait for Bitcoin to go up and see what happens.
This happened to me too and probably countless others. Bull run next week
Hay guys pls tell me the next 1000x koin
all of them, you just have to believe
VTL, not that anyone will believe me, but its the only time you'll see it mentioned here until the bullrun. Why 1000x? only coins under 1m mc can pull that off. Forget about top 100 coins doing more than a 5-10x. Its on CB, buy or not idgaf
0xBitcoin is the only alt that realistically has a chance at 1000x, as this would happen if the bulk of Ether market cap was transfered into 0xBTC in an attempt to avoid inflation on the Ethereum blockchain. Thee chances of this happening are much higher than 1/1000 so it's a good play. Worst case scenario you have a 5x over the next year.
forget about it
Bitconnect is gonna have a HUGE dead cat bounce. ChainLink just acquired it. Gonna 1000x, maybe even 2000x SOON.
easy $15-$20 eoy when mainnet launches in Q4.
Jibrel.
$1.7 bil would only be taking like 2% of the entirety of Ether market cap. It is not unreasonable to assume that 2% of wealth stored in (inflationary) Ether would consider and prefer to move their wealth into a scarce and deflationary asset that is equally compatible with smart contracts and decentralized exchanges.

eth is shit and its going down. You said it yourself, inflationary. It will not be the standard smart contract platform, it was an experiment which spawned countless ponzis, it was fun, but its over now. Being able to mine into an erc20 doesnt change this
JNT but unironically
feels like i'm stealing at these prices

Europeans are content with wagecucking for 50 years while Americans dream, why is this /biz/?
We wagecuck, you dream
Wagecucking forever you asshole
oh no noooooooooooooooooooooooooo
also I do not like the idea that rich people should share their wealth cause I am sure that I will be millionare in the future myself.
or so they tell themselves.
there are no licenses and if you want to fire a person its up to the contract but you never have to find them a new place of work
where do you live
if you want to run something you dont need a license unless its some regulated shit.
It's the same in the UK
Unfortunatly the news report is in kraut language
What? I work 9-4:30, free healthcare, 28 holiday days a year, earning £42,000, life is comfy
Failing social security is gonna make me a millionaire, when hyperinflation hits and your retirement plans collapse I'll sell you my bitcorns at $500k each
thats just some amerimutt talking out of his ass about something he doesnt know shit about
Because wage cucking is a million times better than in the US where you dumb fucks get about 2 hrs holiday a year and have to work 90hr weeks
obsessed
he doesnt explain anything except saying people dont want to work but rather party and implying that privacy protection laws stop startups from doing buisness(which he doesnt explain how)
It explains the mindset of Europeans and also to look at the bigger picture in context with OP's post.
Europeans lack ambition. We are constantly taught in schools to always work in teams and to never go out own way. They push socialism down our throats and tell us that in order to succeed we need to work together with others or we will fail and be excluded from society. Europeans don't want to innovate and create tech giants like Facebook, Microsoft, Google etc. because we are constantly taught to get a stable career at dinosaur-firms like Daimler, ThyssenKrupp, Bosch etc.
you must be retarded if you think berlin(which he is talking about) says anything about europe or germany for that matter. if you dont know why that is you are poorly educated and should read some history books.
>comfy
Our political structure kinda promotes this too. In the UK, our "conservative" party is probably closer to your democrats on the political spectrum, and our "labour" party is full-on communist.
No wonder europoors are so cucked.
This + theres no real incentive to innovate or work hard to accomplish something when your basicaly set for life through hand helding from the state no matter how much you fuck up. And even if you kinda make it most of your assets will go towards feeding mohammad's 9 children or stacys abortion so whats the point. Crypto is legit the only way to make it big in europe now unless you have 170IQ and can come up with something truly unique and amazing
>imagine being this cucked
>op and UShitholeA is retarded
I rather not continue this senseless discussion. You obviously are the one who does not know what he talks about and also particually the one who should start reading books about that. Zero to One should be a good start for you
somehow millions of americans convinced to vote against their own bottom line
A janitor on the west coast makes more than this. Yet this delusional fag thinks his life is "comfy".
What are you talking about? Most european countries have a higher percentage of people self-employed than the US.
Americans are the kings of wagecucking.
Braces won’t pay for themselves
OP BTFO
Hahahah...haha....*breathes in*...HAAAAAHAAAAHAHAHAHAAAHAHAAA
y/starting-up-your-business
Muslim migration hates wagecucking, what you saying is a bit contradictory
...yeah bbut... its spppics and nnnogs... and... mmhmm...
You wagecuck while coping with muh american dream.
In US you have to work even harder. Sometimes even three jobs at the same time. Yeah, so much for your dream.
>Implying the government can negotiate well
Is this thread somehow implying that the "American way" where work is your purpose in life necessarily leads to a more fulfilling way. Moving to the french countryside and eating whine and cheese till the end of your days isn't really a bad dream. I'm an Academic and I don't even want to stop working, but having to pay for education like you have it in America is a Neanderthal society in my eyes - the free universitie's in central Europe are just as good as the American ones - look at the graduates.
UK is such sad place to live.
>also people insurance companies can't profit off of can get fucked
If all the cavemen were comfortable picking berries off bushes (why try to cultivate fields, that's so much hard work), where would we be shitposting right now?
also if you have the ambition to start a global company you move to America and start it there since that's where the majority of the infrastructure and networks for such operations already are.
I see this COPE from muricans almost every day here? Why? You think anyone gives a fuck you are cuckiest wagecuck around? You want a medal or something? Here you go, the number 1 wagecuck in the world! Now can we move onto something more interesting? I'd rather see more crypto threads desu.
I agree, for example Germany is not the best place to found a company. I feel like they prefer the old ones to stay, and don't want new entrepreneurs take a risk to build something new. It's not like we lack on ideas and motivation.
TPИГГЭPЭД
OH NO NONO
if i were murican i wouldn't want to wagecuck either. EU is comfy af tho.
-the-end-is-coming.html
What kind of socialist shithole do u come from?
A sick, deep-seated envy and insecurity complex
That makes literally no sense. These threads are always started by americucks. It's always muricucks going "EU is mediocre, no drive, socialist" etc etc. Every single time the OP is clearly a murican. Clearly coping for the fact murica is hell for everyone else except the 1%.
"the american dream" is a scam literally designed to get people to wagecuck and OP fell for it
It's quite ironical because it's actually the opposite especially judging by the reason why this thread was created. Moreover, you don't see Europeans desperately trying to convince everyone that the USA should balkanize, whereas literally every single American here and especially on /pol/ is anti-EU and has a wet dream of its dissolution.
If America is so great, then why does Trump have to make it great again? Explain plz
Europe is all about trading away the opprotunity to make millions in exchange for guaranteed 6 weeks of vacation, 40 hour work week, health insurance and paternity leave.
But us europeans have no problems using american products and enjoying american culture. What we feel about your deplorable healthcare and work conditions isn't hatred, it's pity
of course, it's the temporarily inconvenienced american millionare!
everything that makes the EU a better place clashes with the interests that, and the cucked neets on this board just eat up their propaganda, never even bothering to question anything.
ITT: americucks who have never left their continent
We're already living in paradise. So dream on.
If European academia is so good why is Europe turning into an Islamic caliphate with daily terror attacks?
Seriously, acting like a fucking retard to this bureaucratic nightmare and having 100% freetime and no obligation + making money illegally is where its at.
Unless you have a realistic go at muh Elon Musk kind of ideology or want to relax back into muh Petersonian traditionalism, there's no point in going even more in the capitalist direction.
Oh nononono...
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
for thousands of years Europe has had a culture of surviving and establishment. that is why
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO sounds horrible for anyone with a perpetually butthurt massive ego that isn't content with their life. THE HORROR. WOW. What a clearly illogical approach euro citizens are making with no clear logical backing behind it.
50% of Americans will be in the 20% within their lifetime. Getting in the economic elite doesn’t mean you’ll stay there. America has the highest level of social mobility in any nation.
The stupid American dream was maybe a thing 50 years ago. Today all that is left is the rich getting richer. Why even bother. Let me eat my cheese and chill.
*top 20%
You're not addressing my post. Being in the top 20% is STILL typically wagecucking. You're still a temporarily embarrassed millionaire. Just overworked in a system that encourage debt and risktaking to take decently sized, long-term assets. Hellooooo? Earth to special snowflake.
want to try backing that up?
The USA is literally a pyramid scheme since the dollar wasn't backed by gold any more.
A euro neet leech will die without gibs because they have no skills, you will not.
lmao crabs in a bucket much?
will cut through reality even more than this personal anecdote you're hearing FROM someone that successfully underwent "social mobility". I'm not a lazy nor a dumb fuck. Stop being closed minded dude. The euros are making a logical, societal level decision. That's all I'm saying. Each system has it's pros and cons, you're the one preaching ours to the point of having this weird ego-tied superiority complex to it....I'm just devil advocating/showing that it isn't as black and white as you're making it.

Okay so they achieve this stat by stealing from the productive class and redistributing it to neets. And when you get a slight pay raise in their shitty retail job hurrah you’re slightly closer to the productive class because their savings are being held down
Roastie-tier
If your business isn’t shit you can get vc funding. Plenty of small saas business only cost you a laptop, electricity, and hosting fees. You don’t need to go into debt for that.
>As long has the average joe has what they need who cares how much bezos has?
Your bullshit isn't working. Coding is getting dilluted af and will accelerate over time as more and more pajeets enter the market. I already have a fucking STEM Grad School degree. My dad already did your non-debt, blue collar route. His body is broken and battered in his 50s. Startups are reaching all-time low levels in the U.S. Your ideological, bootstrap garbage is not working here dude. How old are you?
That chart is showing income inequality, not actual poverty.
Why are you still here then. Just drop out of society, move to the uk, and convert to Islam.
Literally just as bad as SJWs. COPE
If it’s sooooo bad here and soooooo good in Europe, why not just move? It’s your life after all, you only get 1.
I can tell you this: we're not the only members of the "mobile 20%" that'll be enjoying this degree of mobility. You're not the only member that I've had this convo with. Enjoy the decline!
Best of luck dude.
Yep, typical roastie logic. Fixating on some bullshit and bouncing. You're the one who was making a fucking statistical comparison that actually worked against you dipshit. Hell, your entire thread did. B-b-best of luck to you too, you butthurt faggot.
Of course, today things are different, having a nobility title doesn't matter as much and capitalism allows for more mobility. Still, it takes a while for culture to change.
pro-tip, you cant. pic confirms it.
As a European, I'm very very sad that we ever discovered the Americas, and that we communicate with the rest of the world.
Wow I've never seen an OP in such denial over getting rekt. Top fucking kek
I have a good salary for doing what I like (programming). 2hours lunch break, can start at 10am. Can leave at 5pm if I want. 40+ days available for holidays. Hi America?
>the 56% mindset

It's because they're losers anon. There's a reason why America is on top of the world, and that's because we win.
Come in Europe and try to start a business without your rich fucking daddy supporting you. I dare you.
First day at my new job today anons. What shitcoins should I blow my money on?

thank me later
friendly reminder that you may have your youth or you may have riches, but you will never have both at the same time. this means you will never truly make it
Doesn't matter still had sex, and fucked models.
sex is overrated
no, you.
anyway, some guys who are now convicted had a better youth than you OP but they will also die beetween 4 dirty walls
I grew up ultra rich. Family lost most of it in 2008. Can confirm. Was very fun while it lasted
why is he wearing socks in the bed?
>the virgin cope

jerking off is better, no pussy will ever be as tight as my hand
Just being good at what I do is my definition of making it c:
