Harsh's /fit/ Wiki
Adjust calories as needed based on your goals / results.
Make your own foam roller
post before and after pics
trap material

Fuck, i just want to be muscular
nohomo
This is of course factoring enough sleep, good diet, and good form/discipline when lifting
qt trap material. Nice arms tho I’ll give ya that.
You look like a raging dyel faggot. What results lmao. The absolute state of /fit/
bullying dyels on /fit/
t.redditor
Eat at small surplus and lift with high volume (20-30 sets per bodypart per week)
aT2VScMY
Your green texting is fucking cringe
fite me without ammoniac nibba I fucking dare you
again, link?
but yea if its fake who fucking cares anyway.
<4 plate, brain too tired.
If there's going to be a 4chan hunt, it should be on the kid for trying to put dirt on the gym cause he was mad that he got asked to do less sound lmao
"lower your weights, it's too much for you"
Kid was actually really dismissive and douchey about the guy giving him advice. I know unwarranted advice isn't usually a good thing, but you don't have to be an cunt to him.
again, the guy sounds like a fucking meat head faggot. are you sure you're not that guy?
>get awarded millions of leafbux
The kid IS douchey, but it doesn't explain why the fuck would the guy come to him, randomly yelling in english for some reason when they both spoke together, in french, in qc, where french is prevalent and barely no ones speak english.
It wasn’t just unwarranted it was also fucking incorrect. If someone said that to me I’d probably be confused.
it still doesn't really seem like the bigger guy was being anything other than a condescending gym gate keeper.
just lmao@ur mad boomer ass
No. Fat burning provides sufficient vitamins
How you holding up boomerbro?
Just want to hit my goals.
I read through all the resources but i couldnt find a single word about loose skin which could become a problem after loosing like 10kilos in a week
Great that paid off nicely.
Only 3lbs was fat, the rest is water weight dummy
I am back to exactly the same weight
If its your first time fasting the fat probably didn't come from your exterior fat, it probably came off your liver
I didn't lose any though
Nobody is this stupid
Either I didn't lose anything, or I am magical.
You are stupid
>DO NOT EAT
Well how would you explain that then?
You can't not eat for 3 days and not shed material off your body.
His voice sounds like a firealarm
You're supposed to note changes in your body not in your numbers.
He is abrasive and weird
That goes doubly considering he very clearly has some sort of mental disability.
You don't want your ketostix to be dark purple. That would mean your body is producing more ketones than you can flush out. It could be a sign of dehydration or a serious medical issue. If you're reading anything on the ketostix scale you're in ketosis. The color changes depending on how much fluid you're urinating. Dark purple would just mean super concentrated which isn't a good thing. If you're pissing anywhere above the moderate color level start drinking more water.
go to his facebook group or his instagram, and check out the people who are following his advice and losing shitloads of weight
Unless all I really lost was merely water, which I immediately regained.
you are beyond hope
not an explanation.
So basically, am i gonna shit my brains out an die.
the explanation? You're a liar and didn't put the fork down. Thats the obvious one.
Reminder : if your per stick isn't image related you not gonna make it
Deepends on your starting weight and body fat % normally fast weight loss will translate to lose skin. Now 10kg wouldn't create that much lose skin , especially if you maintain for a while. Gradual weight lose will give body more time to recover were quick one , worst case scenario you might endup looking like one of the gastric bypass guys.
nigga my pee stick is so dark it's ritchie BLACKmore
I take it you got nothing then.
non-fasters are literally subhuman imo
get over that superiority complex, you'll be happier for it.
What the other anons are reacting to is that its obviously impossible for you to have not eaten for 72 hours and not lost any fat.
Which do you think it was?
i hate this shit
how much fucking salt did you eat bro?
Have u tried the new snake recipe? You also could do 3 day dry with fruit re feeds
yes, i did the new recipe (minus the magnesium). I even cut it back from 2L to 1L, but all it did was delay the shits by 2 days.
It makes me want to tell them they don't have to be fat and help them.
Look man all I know is I get the shits be drinking too much salt in one sitting . I usually make the 2L then pour some into a cup and drink like 1/2 or 3/4 of it and wait like 30min to an hour till I drink again. If you are new to fasting you will experience the shits nine times out of ten it will go away after a few days
the funny part is that you probably never weighed yourself at 80kg with food in your stomach, so the scale probably said 85kg but you wont know because you're a retarded shill
this is my third time. First time i did 2 days. Second time i did 2 five day fasts, back to back. I then took a 3 week OMAD break because i lost motivation. Now i started OMAW snake diet fasting back to back until i hit 160 or something shitty happens. Durong the second set of fasts, the shits always began on the end of the second/beginning of the third day, so I began drinking 500mL of snake juice over the course of 3 hours, once in the morning, once in the atfernoon. I also cut the total amount daily from 2L to 1L. But that only delayed the shits by 2 days.
But yeah, tell me more about myself, all those things you know about me.
can i just drink a shot of chicken bouillon, some pink salt, some nosalt, some baking soda and then just drink fresh water all day?
Omg this is a fucking nightmare scenario for me. I just finished getting all my snake juice components together and tomorrow I mix it all up. I swear to god if I can't stomach this shit I'm gonna be fucking furious.
Repostan, we're gonna make it brahs
keep it up brah
We're all going to make it!

To me the baking soda taste overpowers everything and tastes like shit. The other salts all taste fine to me. But even with baking soda it's not intolerable. It's just not good. I'd rather drink it without the baking soda though. I'm not even sure why he added it in there exactly. I thought it was something to do with making it more alkaline but he says it's just to add sodium. But why not just get all the sodium from regular salt?
Prevents kidney stones
Hold me lads
pls respond
i wanna fast but snake juice is fucking disgusting, what else can i do?
i'm also wondering this
Good job anon.
Eat a teaspoon of salt in the morning and drink regular water throughout the day
also this:
You are a baby. Stay fat.
whom here /lyperprotocol/
Thanks HGH
Snake juice isnt recommended and a meme, Dr, Jason Fung PhD said so
i've lost 100 pounds without fasting, i just wanna get the rest of this off quick. I'll still drink it if i have no alternative but it stands to reason i could just take the ingredients in their teaspoon form and drink water the rest of the day.
nice blog
exactly, fuck off you dyel faggot
Fuck off piss jew
just ate a fuckhuge mountain of steamed broccoli and cucumber and I can already feel the pressure mounting on my anus like a fucking nuke is about to release
Baking soda tastes better than the rest imo. It adds a little bite/fizziness to the drink. The old snake juice recipe was really acidic, baking soda neutralized it to protect teeth. Baking soda or sodium bicarbonate is given to people with kidney problems to further protect their kidneys from the harmful chemicals that it isn't able to secrete. I don't really think it's necessary to take in healthy adults, but if you're using a recipe with apple cider vinegar, baking soda is a must.
oh my fucking god how is it even possible to digest something this fast I ate literally 10 minutes ago and I’m shitting my brains out
i just take apple cider vinegar pills, water, and a litttle bita meth
How do you make it through day 1? I fail 90% of my day 1's because I have nothing invested yet.
How does fucking broccoli which is packed with fiber come out more viscous than actual water?
get sleep or get busy
plan a lot of things to do
you're on the fast track to /fit/ and /fa/
calm the fuck down
50 pounds in 2 months? fuck thats slow
What does that even mean? You don't want to lose weight? Step on a scale, take a picture of yourself, if you don't like what you see, use that.
If you did a longer fast that would likely better show the effects, you do lose weight fast but its not going to be instant
Agreed, I don't get why people shill him so hard.
because he's an effective motivator for other people, unlike you pussies.
How long/type of fast?
has anyone ever tried adding citric acid to snake juice? i still do a bit of cayenne in mine, and i wonder if the citric acid would add some nice balance
and i feel great, how about u?
no shits here
That's signs of dehydration lad.
Shit, I'm fasting with just mineral water, how fucked I'm?
Not feeling hungry at all, feeling good. Think I'll take the opportunity to nofap as well. We're gonna make it lads
when fasting I fap so much more, this shit is way too fucking boring
How did you fuck something so simple as not eating and then only one meal after?
so Cole gained 35lbs on purpose in a month and wants to lose them in 10 days
when will he start fasting
how do u lose 35 lbs in 10 days is that even physically possible
we will see
Good luck Cole
It's probably not healthy though, remember that he is a very experienced faster and also insane.
Also his metabolism is used to using his bodyfat. But I'm nit sure how much cardio he does usually. All in all I wouldn't be surprised if he made it.
he will probably just drink piss for 10 days
Hardly feels like fasting at all, with the sleep and all.
3-4 day fasts the first month, doing 7s now
You can't just take all of the ingredients at once because it will make you piss out of your ass. I guess you could measure out the salts, then divvy that up into several portions a take a little throughout the day. Or you could mix some highly concentrated SJ and do the same thing. [spoiler]or you could stop being a fucking baby and just drink regular SJ like a grown ass man[/spoiler]
you'll find out
Just nut up and do OMAD, it's not even hard. Nice double trips
I train pretty hard for boxing most evenings, which absolutely requires fuel beforehand, trust me, I have tried doing it fasted, I got sent home by the coach.
Flexibility? Just eat your one meal whenever you want during the day. Don't bother with something stupid like eating only at 3:42 everyday.
But thanks anyway.
pick one and only one
Wait did the extra weight went into his dick ?
Amateur boxing heavyweight here. The only time I eat is before sparing sessions with guys outside the club. I have a bottle of snake juice and 2l water which I sip during the training. I never feel hungry after a bug workout
Starting today guys and it's a week or die trying. 5 days been longest so far.
Get that piss in ya fatties!
i do meth
Screw you dude, I'm seriously afraid a bit.
But then again I only ever do 5 days short fasts, so
The point of OMAD is that you are not constantly spiking your insulin throughout the day. How is that impractical?
You can do it Anon! I sometimes envy you guys who can fast way longer than I can. I'm just too worried about losing muscle at this point.
can i eat magnesium citrate instead of magnesium sulphate?
I'll stick to intermittent fasting, not everyone has to do the same thing as you, you know.
Then eat your OMAD sometime before you train. Why is this hard for you to figure out?
Well stick with it and see what happens. You'll find out. Why are you being a dick?
im indulging in meth. cya tryhards later. ill be jacking off all weekend and not even caring about eating
In the same vein, am I doing something at all sensible with the two days a week routine? I started not with a grand plan, but just because I was bored of eating.
Would I lose muscle by dry fasting like 96h (health reasons) and water fasting till abs?
do y’all think i’ll die of malnutrition if i do 10 day snake juice fasts and 1000cal refeeds until i get to my goal weight
Sorry.
just water fast.
How can I prevent this from happening?
There's wrong with it. It's a casual approach as you said but it's better than no fasting at all. Obviously it's not the right approach if your goal is rapid fat loss, but it sounds like that's not your goal. If you wanted to amp it up but still keep it fairly casual you could do OMAD all week with a two fast somewhere in the week
I've also done a 72h dry fast before and it went ok, I didn't even die
Drink snake juice, which is water and electrolytes. Check the video embedded in the OP.
A question, is mineral water ok? The one I'm drinking has 83.4 mg/l K+, 212.7mg/l Ca++ and 61.3 mg/l Mg+
I mean, if you don't, you probably won't have a seizure, but you'll also probably end up feeling like trash. Anyway, snek juice has way more potassium and sodium than mineral water.
You'll lose so much weight with 4 days of dry fasting it won't be funny. I've done 4 days of dry fasting too, came out fine.
Fruit juice fast is the only way.
Fruit juice fast is just a liquid restricted calorie diet, not a fast.
Will I lose too much muscle?
I did my first one and I felt a bit tired and my heart rate increased, but the second one went so much better so I thought I wouldn't need the snek juice
Fatties don't even know fasting takes them out of catabolic problems.
Your HR / BP / heartbeat increases in the beginning because of an adrenaline surge, which takes 12-24 hours to subside, then becomes intermittent spikes later on.
more than half of that won't be fat loss, don't exaggerate it laddie the fat loss is what we seek not a fluctuation on weight
>Fruit juice fast is an oxymoron.
at least I'll be skelly one day on this
Dry fasting promotes fat being tapped for water, minerals, and energy (rather than just energy). Obviously not all weight lost on a fast is fat, but dry fasting does burn more fat at equal (low) intensity level. The only method that burns more fat is snake juice and cardio.
Thanks anon
Yeah I'm sure your body is going to be saving its fat while it has no water and no food in its system. Kill yourself. I get thinner each time I dry fast.
I’ve done a couple 3 day water fasts. Thinking of trying a 24 dry into 48 water. Eventually I’d like to do 72 hours dry for the healing properties/autophagy
Hows this to break my 3 day fast
Fair enough. Eat some damn veggies during your fasting then. Fewer calories than fruit and they're better for you. You can even do a mix of both.
At least do two days but 3 days is optimal and 4 is fantastic. I usually transition to a wet fast from there and I never get hungry starting dry.
ive gone a week no food on meth. and probabably burned a buncha calories as i just masturbated for the week straight until my dick fell off
Imagine not eating for a week and coming out of it less healthy. Congrats fucktard
hey i dropped weight while fucking [spoiler]nasty[/spoiler] girls so eat my dick
Redpill me on why I should dry fast or snake juice fast instead of drinking water. Is there that much benefit? Just seems like a good way to get kidney issues.

you should add in some chocolate for the fats
Chicken Tenders from McDonalds seem good with a small frenchfries?
Because I don't want to deal with kidney stones.
That’s extremely impressive. Are those 3 day fasts water fasts or snake juice fasts?
If the latter, does that that mean that cico is bullshit because body will try to get my that sugar (via dizziness and weakness) and leave the fat alone?
I can't cook for shit, alright I'll eat a proper meal once a week instead. One full of veggies and protein.
If you do a dry drink baking soda after for your kidneys. Snake juice will be fine in them as long as you don’t overdo the salt.
It burns glycogen storage first (sugar/carbs) then fat
is it ok to eat this for 1 meal a day and nothing else?
Is fasting the only way to lose weight quickly enough to prevent long periods of weakness?
try meth
RFL/PSMF protocol works and is better if you have significant muscle mass to obtain. But otherwise yes, fast.
Damn, it sucks. No wonder people have trouble losing weight.
losing weight is easy
If depends on how keto adapted you are. If you are really keto adapted, your body will utilize fat over carbs. I can really vouch for this because I can eat a non-keto meal and still taste ketones those later. Fasting is better though for weight, because you'll still store those carbs from that not keto meal as fat.
So in theory it should help with cico because you won't feel like shit.
My life has been so much better since I discovered fasted training!
boo hoo
its always been diet is the way to lose weight. gym is th way to tone.
I was just going to go buy some KFC and it started storming so ill fast another few days
Started snake juice today but im using old recipe. I was going OMAD but im gonna go for a 7 day with snake juice. I weight 270 so I should be fine. Is it worth to go get the new stuff for the new recipe of snake juice?
At 135kg how much can I lose in 4 months? Is this gonna chew up all my lean mass? All I wanna do is sleep when fasting.
When fat cells empty they stick around for a while before dissolving completely and either fill up with water or fat again before disappearing
Mirin hard. Did you manage to gain muscle while fasting? What was your weekly call intake? Daily protein?
I think I would drink water the first day then snake juice the next two or three. I make it a little weaker than what Cole recommends use 3L instead of 2L water for my concentration, never had headaches on it before. Then coconut water and fruit 6 hours before on refeed days
On both routines I eat about 100-120 grams of protein, maybe more on some days.
I quit smoking and caffeine, tried again and slept great on two 72 hr fasts I did back to back after a refeed day. Went from 185 to 176 lbs in a week.
The new recipe feels better on my kidneys...prolly from the baking soda ymmv
Is it a terrible idea to do cardio fasted in the morning, then lift around 5pm then eat OMAD and rinse and repeat ?
Depends on which is more important to you. If you run before lifting you might have your lifting suffer and vice versa
said, it really depends on which one is your priority.
Im planning to bulk to 90, 95, 100 kilo maybe, starting weight will be 84 kilos. How long should my cutting phase be?
fat can mass on your pelvic region
What did you do for your refeed day?
Woah, where the FUCK is OMAD boomer?
Will fasting cure my depression?
No but a helium tank will
My question is has anyone ever made it through the hunger? Like after a good night's sleep will my appetite go away?
I take a sip of pickle juice and hunger goes away.
6’0” 195 pounds somewhere between 20 and 25% bodyfat. How quickly can I reasonably expect to get to sub-180 pounds by water fasting?
i will rotate these for 6 weeks.
In practice, what's the effect on muscle %? I would assume that, so long as you reach ketosis rapidly, muscle % shouldn't decrease - is there a cost to doing short fasts in greater hits to muscle mass or anything like that?
of course faget
Put real food in yourself that isn't kfc or a shit salad and you're good
Not sure if its food addiction that makes me this way, but I was wondering if this goes away after a few more days cus it honestly sucks more then being hungry.....
I always suggest dill pickle juice, zero calories and gives you something to taste. Also a source of sodium.
nah, calories are calories i want to enjoy my 500 in a single delightful meal that makes me sweat its so overkill. then i feel nasty about myself and wont eat for another day.
Do you have a specific brand b/c seems like this have cal...
Vlasic Kosher Dill Pickles.
Doing a 2 day fast, what does drinking salt water exactly do when you're fasting, and do I need to drink any for just a 2 day fast?
Maybe on the second day. When you drink only water you tend to pee out your electrolytes an you need those. Salt is electrolytes. Its what plants crave.
Does sleep cheat the system of a fast or no?
Also I was wondering the same, salt is a nice 0 cal thing even to just get some kind of taste in my mouth.
Your metabolism goes down so you're not burning as much fat when you're awake but you're still burning it
Thank you
>Its what plants crave.
I would try to slowly drink the salt water over a longer time frame. You’ll get use to the taste of snake juice, I couldn’t stand it at first but it doesn’t taste that bad anymore.
Salt keeps you hydrated. When you're not getting salt from food you can flush salt from your body with water. Also seems to decrease hunger cravings.
I mean when you smoke weed can you smoke it while fasting?
I couldn’t stand the shit at first but it’s not that bad on day 5 my tastebuds feel fuzzy
you should do meth
Thank you
how much would a stationary person need for their snake juice how much sodium and potassium? maybe with like minimal exercise but that's about it because the OP seems like tons
Won't interrupt the fast but it can give you the munchies and make it hard to stay in a fast.
Before when I would crave something to eat I would go to food places near my work and sniff like a motherfucker I swear it helped my cravings a shit ton, felt like I was eating/tasting the food
yeah man same here like i don't do much and the OP seems like a lot more for the potassium tho not the sodium sodium seems normal but whats with the fuck load of potassium?
If you make the new snake juice recipe u should only really drink when u have headaches or dark piss
Also THE TEETH GRINDING jesus christ the teeth grinding. and dry mouth.
eh you sound like a bitch go work out and do stuff the hard way
I do half a batch of the new snake juice and sip it when I'm thirsty. I'm not going to force myself to drink twice as much as I want. My piss isn't dark so I know I'm not really dehydrated.
I just keep a 2L of coke nearby instead
A fast is a perfect time to kick your weed habit. I smoked daily for four years and just two sweaty nights and I’m broken of it.
You need salt and potassium. See above video on snake juice. Your body needs a few electrolytes can't just fucking drink tap water with a bit of table salt and call it a day
you sound like you had your balls removed
Please help me
When I was younger I was fasting a lot and that was the root cause of my eating disorder
Shit, looks like I'm not getting any potassium on this fast because I can't get that shit till Sunday
Sounds like you already had an eating disorder.
youtu.be/4N-f_7Xzfsw
I only have a drug problem
Wear a tight shirt and go buy junk
Eat something and dry fast
About half what's reccomended. Maybe less if you're a manlet. I'm 6'3" and do light exercise daily using a half dosage. Unfortunately it still tastes like ass sweat and has to be sipped if you don't want a violent shit reprisal. Frankly, I'm going to give piss a try soon as it can't possibly be worse and at least it will be something I can chug.
ive completed a 7 and a 5 day fast in the past month
try meth
Going to do a dry fast tomorrow so I can start doing Keto + OMAD, but is it possible to get into ketosis in just 1 day of dry fasting?
just go through with 48 and youll feel better
I'm browsing various cooking threads, I just can't think of anything else right now.
If you are going to be deceived and eat, eat something keto with high fiber. you wont get hunger pangs next fast because youll still be in ketosis and you wont crave carbs as much
I know how you feel bro, almost done with day 4 of 30 and I have this weird craving for overeasy eggs on stake with mashed potatoes and gravy on the side... fucking ready to kms and I'm not even halfway -_-
last time I broke the fast with a day of keto, then went straight to sushi and booze. bad idea, it didn't even tasted good, but I remembered craving it so much I couldn't resist. not doing that this time around.
It's okay! Bad days are going to happen. Remember all of the work it took to lose the 30lbs and re-orient yourself towards making good choices. You got this
like mcdonalds?
But food just looks so good at the end of the day...
Just did a small refeed with chicken and spinach. Went to the grocery to get some broccoli and bananas. While checking out, got an immense need to shit. Raced home and literally was shitting myself running up my stairs. I'm gonna go check out the damage
should have just done meth
That's why you're supposed to make your feeding window small on OMAD. It's normal to get sleepy after a meal when fasting though. That's the influx of serotonin you get from eating, feels pretty good desu.
meth maks you not sleepyy
Plan and prep meals and count the calories
Ok druggie
https://youtu.be/sBzNHoXkvZc
also shit since I've started fasting I lost ~35 pounds or so but I've been stagnating really hard for the past few weeks, is my body used to my schedule now? how do I shake this shit up?

How much Ramen a day can I eat while fasting?
Is one week on one week off a decent plan for fasting?
So ive been fasting on and off for 3 weeks and my muscles in my arms have shrunk dramatically what gives?
Do a longer fast or a short dry fast if you feel up to it. Might trigger the woosh.
10 pounds. But don’t go over.
im being serious i cant even eat 4 packs
No.. because it's likely that you're going to binge on that week off and lose all your progress.
Also glycogen levels have been depleted. On a good refeed you’ll be back
I’m serious. Nothing is better on a FAST than eating.
this leaves me with a 2400 calorie defecate daily, or 1 pound a day, and because im fasting my body will go into ketosis daily.
This is confusing on so many levels
Am I doing something wrong or is this to be expected? Should I try a longer fast (4-5 days) before continuing with my if regime?

Also, I'd rather not put that toxic shit in my body just for the sake of losing weight
Count your calories tardo. You need to be at least 500 under matienence. If you really want to loss weight do 72 hour water fasts
have you tried meth?
I was joking you fucking imbecile
No and I doubt I could acquire it.
I tried that with your mum and sis. Shits cash
I make pills with the potassium and salt. I dont know if Fung said it was a meme but it wasn't for 7 days fast.
are you 13?
I fucked your mum when she was 13


HAHA YOU JUST GOT BLOXXED!
great choices there tweak
In general yes, but it is more laxative than regular magnesium, so be careful. I experimented with a mix of both in snakejuice and just shitted my brain out....
you gain muscle on 2000 calories?
idk why but my system cant handle fasting
how much do your lifts decrease during a fast, and how quickly do they go back to normal after?
What to do about gym bullies?
Fucking kek. Trump us da cunt thiugh innit
I hope that nigger enjoys his assault charge, he probably won’t care though because his criminal record is longer than his references
holy fuck wh*Te people are so fucking beta hahahaha
He got arrested lol
the absolute state of drumpfies
Okay this is epic
I would easily knock him out but I’d rather not have the nigger lover media demonize me, just playing my cards right buddy
lol this is why africans still live in mud huts and throw rocks at each other and hit each other with sticks. you are simply not civilized.
... said the nigger before he was convicted again
the only reason that happened is because he was a dyel. no matter how beta your true personality is, if you are 6'+, over 200 lbs and clearly lift nobody would even consider taking your drumpf hat
>I'm going to prove him wrong by... acting like a chimping-out nigger
Will this clip get as much attention as the spic/restaurant clip?
>squirm and scream "i'll sue you, stop being mean!" when they get bullied in the gym
Im not from the US but I was always wondering - does wearing a hat like that allow you to park your car on the spots for the disabled?
Best part is people will cheer you on for it.
BASED BLACK MANE
Are whites the most beta race?
This. It feels good to not get in trouble for bullying little scrawny white twinks.
Imagine unironically wearing a MAGA hat to the gym
Aesthetic calves
>that shadow
Based. You deserve to be cucked if you can't fight back

>to the trash
It's not assault it's theft
How does /fit/ feel about this?
He could get him easily kicked out for harassment, does he simply want attention or what?
There's like 6 threads discussing this already.
Wh*Te beta twink mindset at full force in this post. All i've heard from whytebois this thread is "he'll get sued, that's illegal what he did!, why didn't he just tell on him?!?!"
help them catch some free weights
Laws are laws. He also got fired from his job.
If you're gonna wear on purpose a sign you know is offensive to some people then you have to stop being a little bitch when someone does something like this to you.
Wanting your country to be great is controversial. kek
Are you crying?
You don't deserve to live in a Western country.
Would've thrown the dumbbell at his head desu
(it works)
>hey thats my hat asshole! your going to jail! thats against the law, how could you do this?!?! *cries like a beta*
Throwing a cap a few meters away isn't exactly assault
try this shit in eastern europe where you aren't protected by law like animals and crying about racism won't help you faggots
>samefagging this hard
He threw a hat in the trash, stop being such a fucking crybaby
If you can't handle it keep your view for you
Eastern Europe doesn't have minorities because its such a shithole that nobody wants to move there.
>protected by law
However, let me generalize my statement: Having your feelings hurt is not justification for physically harassing someone and taking their shit. If you can't physically control yourself when someone makes you feel something you don't like, you don't deserve to live in Western society.
its both
Is it really assault? How?
You literally cannot tell anything from the 1.5s of heavily angled floor shadow.
Of course it doesn't deserve to be beaten up or to be stolen, but having to pick your cap a few meters away is actually good life lesson
Yep, you're a virgin.
holy shit go back to r*ddit please
He's wearing a hat sporting the slogan of the president of his own country.
put his hands directly on his person.
Because he wants to trigger the lefties, don't pretend otherwise or you're just playing dumb
Have a word with yourself you beta
The only people triggered by it are morons that don't deserve respect.
In what other country some would charge for assault for something as silly as this
Because they have different politic views than yours?
If the lefties get triggered that easily they should not go outside
Just sink already and do the world a favour
If you can't stand out for yourself you shouldn't arbor contreversial politic messages on your head
No. Trump supporters don't assault or steal from people wearing Hilary clothing. Lefties are mentally ill and need to stay in their house to avoid being a danger to respectable members of society who are proud of their country and their president.
>not punishable by law
"""steal"""
niggers simply shouldn't be allowed in white establishments if they are too low inhibition to not chimp out the instant they see a hat supporting the US president
Lefties shouldn't attack people who did nothing wrong. I thought victim blaming was a big no no for you guys? You're literally saying he deserved it for what he was wearing. Sound familiar? To me it sounds like lefties do not fit in a civilized society.
>Trump supporters don't assault or steal from people wearing Hilary clothing.

He stole his hat. There have been many instances of people being assaulted for wearing maga hats. A woman was even pepper sprayed for wearing a hat the simply LOOKED like a maga hat. Trump supporters do not do that. Lefties are ravenous psychopaths.
Oh look Drumpf won all of the unimportant middle of nowhere cities
They don't. Or at the very least not to the extent that lefties do. It's almost encouraged and applauded when lefties do it. They are psychopaths.
Trump won the white counties. Clinton won the shitskin cities.
Yeah that's the system that made America the prosperous nation that it is today. If you don't like it maybe you could move?
the irony is the right getting triggered by this video
going with the police will hurt him a lot more,shut up nigger

Getting"triggered" by a video and doing... Nothing and just getting on with your life is the same as stealing from or assaulting someone? Doesn't really sound ironic to me.
they are mostly out of jail, who knows
encourage them and get the dyels out of our gyms for good
Fucking hell, /r9k/ get the fuck off this board now, bunch of faggy beta incels
You're literally asking for it.
I wasn't referring to this video when I said assault. I was referring to the many other instances of it happening.
howtospotaredditfag.jpg
So basically the right are so beta they get beaten up by the left?
If you can't be around naked women without feeling the need to rape them then you don't belong in civilized society and should be put behind bars. Same goes if you feel the need to assault or steal from someone for wearing a hat. You're a psycopath.
misc actually phaggot, stop obsessing over reddit so much.
The left is so beta that they lose an election against an orange.
right must be ultra beta then if they keep getting assaulted by the left
fuck off newfag
Or maybe the left are mentally ill
>getting beat up by retards
basically yeah
That way, when these retards decide to "innocently" steal someone's hat, they get charged with grand theft.
Those unimportant states and cities are where you get your supermarket food from, you dumb nigger.
At least you admit they are retards. Retards can ruin a house if they're not kept in check.
Look forward to hearing from you soon friend :)
*snap*
Assault is defined as making a person believe a threat is imminent things like spitting pushing even yelling threats. You can also have a battery without assault if you get blind sided by a nigger.
Yes. The entire point of this was to let everyone know he did it.
no thanks kiddo

lol you people complain about the jews but give them money by starting useless cases
>anything that triggers me is reddit
Thanks for the professional legal advice. Irl you can sue for any reason and burden of proof is quite low in civil cases. There's a video willing posted so this dude 100% could see blowback for some snapchat clout
Cuck lol
Unironically this. Pathetic desu
Enjoy ever making use of the American court system there buddy.
Jump in a industrial trashcompacter kike.
From the same crowd that unironcially advocates and participates in women doing literally just that lollll
Rub those hands bergstein.

Wow this faggot has the cringiest posts of all the tripfags that ever tripped here. I honestly hope bad things happen to you bro. Sincerely.
This is why you lost.
An ugly narcissist. Why are they always so ugly tho
WHAT DO I DO
So you go and cry to the police and uses kike lawyers when things are against you?
holy shit you're the fat spic in the video
Psychopath.
>dat paradox tho
Proof?
Don’t worry if you don’t neck yourself soon, you’ll be necked by us anyways
This will fuck him up way more stupid nig
I'm all for hardcore racism but that's just nats hats are hard to clean and that'll permanently stain. If you wanna show off and be special wear an actual gym shirt.
Im not American you fat cunt. You fags are so worried about the government and talk about you carry laws and there you are ringing the government controlled enforcements to arrest someone over a hat. Then call up Mr Goldbergstien to sue said hat thrower, where Mr Weinstienburgman gets 40% on a no win no fee basis because you fags are so poor from falling over some shart left in walmart that you had to fork out $6000 in medical bills alone because you havent insured yourself as a human since you hilbillies needed that money instead to buy gas for your mobility scooter and your tyrannical government hasnt invaded a middle eastern country in a while so gas prices are high but not as high as your cholesterol from all those supersized mcdonalds

Should have pushed him into that wall by the trash can
If he's DYEL, whatever that means, the other guy is the beta that can't even confront him face to face and take the hat
Long term thinking, which coloureds don't have, litigation, jail time, and a criminal record would hurt more than a few punches.
Eastern Europe is worse than Africa, most of Asia, Middle East, and South America?
>get offended by a phrase
Truly pathetic.
Yeah he was longterm thinking, to not get his ass WHOOPED by some BBC on camera. Smart move by that frilly whyteboi.
Most don't get the irony and agree
>he has no answer because he realises he is a hypocritical beta
Guy needs to learn how to properly do a dead lift. But he should of been offered advice on that instead of being instantly yelled at.
It's funny that ANITFAgs are the ones who whine about Trump supporters having killed 17 or more people
Plenty of non-Jew lawyers. The guys that got Zimmerman off
Tsk tsk.
>all these niggers supporting theft because of a red hat

Post your bodies right fucking now. Can guarantee 98% of you are typical skinnyfat antifa faggots that have never lifted a weight in their life. Ill wait.
Face it the maga fag was a little pussy and too scared to do anything. Its pathetic how you fags can't stick up for yourselves.
>subhumans don't understand laws
Deal with it my dude.
Stop posting until you post your body, tough guy. We all want to see what an alpha macho tough cunt like yourself looks like. Oh wait, youre just a flabby shit arent you?
They run people over with cars instead.
But if you don't want to stick up for youself physically at all then thats fine, stay a victim for the rest of your life. Fucking basedbois
Post. Body.
When does he make his debut in "Poor Little White Boy"?
.a1c528d0785d
t. triggered beta basedboi
i'd bust your glass jaw in a single punch lmao
The article never mentions him supporting trump. Try again, sweetie
AHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAAH thats what i thought. Stay mad, bitch hips.
Post your body, I bet your weight can back up your talk
>getting this upset over a hat
triggered much? What are you hoping to gain?
Imagine being this scared of posting your body on a board dedicated to bodybuilding. Im thinking youre just a weak little incel yourself, and you just proved my point. Now shut the fuck up and go back to r*ddit.
Moreover, it's pretty fucking pathetic that you can go on for half a dozen pics bragging and threatening everyone, but you have no intention of backing up your words. You're talking real tough about breaking people's jaws, but are you sure your itty bitty little arm could drive a punch like that? A quick timestamped pic would settle the matter.
Post your body then
Yeah you're right, but its pretty obvious that this is the kind of reaction the dude who wore the hat wanted.
You were asked first buddy boy. I love how the whole tough shit act has disappeared since you cant back up your words. Have fun fucking 4/10s for the rest of your life.
I'm not the guy you were talking to, I'm someone else.
His head doesn't even flinch when he pulls it off of him
wielding him like a baseball bat (probably has the same body shape lol)
As if right wing ideology hasn't been single mindedly obsessed with triggering the libs for like 30 years.
thats not him you fuckin idiot
found his picture, samefagging it up in here
What a bitch ass nigger
So a featherweigh boxer couldnt break your jaw then no? Love how deluded /fit/ is
You're both children to split a country into right and left instead of working for whats best for the people.
>i-i asked you first senpai!
I'm not American and couldn't care less about Trump, but how the fuck is that controversial
Thats what i thought.
0nt2eazhoojnpcuvhholw03c010c
Vlt98FLA

But yeah you are still a beta
>people ITT actually defending thievery because his hat hurt my fee fees
As oppose to what? Punching him and having a Buzzfeed article written about you?
not him but stop being a pretentious cunt you cunt
That little twink deserved it
post body
As opposed to being a big boy and just getting over it, setting aside your juvenile need to fight with people and not wearing intentionally provocative clothing to the gym any more.
The electoral college is fucking retarded, in kindergarten if you asked what the kids wanted blue or red koolaid, you didn't award the empty classes with equal votes
My boy dindu nuffin hes a good boi!
WHY does it always turn into /pol/
because he dindu nuffin and all people that have opposing views should have their things stolen and thrown away
I hope this keeps happening then it just outcasts antisocial idiots more, the nigger's just love to go ooga booga and defeat the purpose of every right given to them over the past 3 centuries.
I don't care if he was wearing a Trump hat or a Hillary hat, he was a little twink and twinks deserve to be bullied.
This but also fat people.
some people are not nigs in body but nigs in mind, stealing and assaulting people because they can't control their own feelings
just lmao @ trumptards, the ultimate beta males
The nigger is wrong for doing it due to politics and not because wearing hats indoors is for degenerates.
This thread confirms /fit/ is a bunch of betas
>i'll respect the rule of law and society and not chimp out like the shitskin undesirables with no impulse control who initiate these confrontations
gyno nigger detected, and ur response is an argument too, which makes you a faggot as well hahaha kys
>GAS THE KIKES RACE WAR NOW
hmmm, I wonder who could be behind this post?
xd bruh hahahaha stop lying to ppl on the internet gyno nigger kys
no shit you dumb cunt, learn to read. I said two parties will never meet, meaning its pointless to post a body pic
t. the guy who got bullied in school and went to the teacher afterwards hahahaaha
No thanks, i'd rather pirate movies, smoke marijuana, use fireworks in my state, spit in public, and let my children trick or treat past 10 if they'd like.
how bout fight him then send him to jail where he belongs
>ill play my part in the jews grand scheme and not rise up and defend myself, I need to show them im a good subservient goy
PIC RELATED IS ME
so are you one of the divisive Russian bots or the hacker 4chan?
Dude you've been in this thread for like an hour begging other men to show their bodies to you, kinda gay man. Gas all fags.
successful bait thread OP
also this is 100% staged, fake, and homosexual
There's a 99% chance that the edgy autist wearing a MAGA hat indoors at the fucking gym of all places is a /pol/ white supremacist
y u scared?
How do I watch this Webm on my iPhone?

HAHA KYS MY MAN
then in that same vein I guess every muslim in the US is probably an iraqi warlord for ISIS, or maybe instead of forcing your own opinion on someone you should talk to them and ask them their actual views?
just lol
what? lifting in a gym makes you an edgy autist now?
ONLY SMART MAN IN THIS THREAD
No you dumbfuck, wearing a hat while working out is what makes you edgy
okay this is epic
So I ask YOU, yes YOU American citizen, how is your country not already a shithole?
lol ultra cringe

Congratulations bucko, you are number 13
HAHAHA WHATEVER YOU GOTTA DO TO COPE HAHAHA GYNO NIGGER
laugh now monkey but the white boi will have his say, just you wait nappy
Haha you are on the ropes no sonny boy. Must have triggered you pretty hard so you will just stay in this thread frantically clicking refresh so you can reply to my latest post :)
Why can't shitskins come up with a good racial slurs for white people? Is it because white people don't naturally feel insecure about their own skin colour despite massive pressure to force them to do so? Nah can't be, I'm sure if the minorities try hard enough they'll eventually get something that sticks.
Argument: Not found
how bout consider suicide my man
like, still cope my man, kys gyno nigger, argue all you want, ya still coping with ur bitch tits xd
almost positive this is just some friends recording each other as a le ebin false flag
guess your a homo LOL
>debate me
So I ask YOU, yes YOU anon, who paid you to spread misinformation about the US on 4chan?
>said the guy not getting a large cash settlement
It's okay, maybe when you grow up you will stop chimping out and realize that people have differing opinions in this world.
>ill do anything and everything to avoid providing an argument
It's been five hours and you retards are still going at it
bruh i came here to call you a fat nigger, that is the only thing i will be doing
spotted the leftist
Anyways this is one way to deal with bullies, you can recognize that everyone will shit on you given the chance, more so if you allow it, and you can say fuck that I am better than these faggots. Or you can ignore it and shrug it off because who really cares (although it won't stop). Think of it like prison, if you don't fight back you a whole bitch and everyone's gonna take turns using your head as toilet wipe.

notice how he didnt stand up for himself. He deserved it
If you can't beat em, join em
Wait till I tell r/The_Donald about this! You'll be sorry!
What do I say back for banter anons
who would have thought that in current year leftists would be the ones advocating might is right.
Who do you think is more alpha 6 foot lanklet cuck steve of 6"4 buff tyrone who takes other inmates buttholes? I think you know the answer
Send her a pic of the Hodge Twins says they're your light
Shut your mouths you niggers. I fucking hate you, I hate you so much! Why do you even exist? You haven't invented anything, you're parasites, you're enjoying the things we invented. I fucking hate you. Why can't dark haired and brown eyed people just fucking dissapear? Why can't you just leave us Aryans alone?
I think you mean snow nigger.
What to do about crossfit shitlords

punch the dude in the back of the head
99% of everything around you is anglo
Actually, Mediterraneans are the most powerful race in the world
Why the hodge twins
This .JPG describes you
cringey fat greaseball that combs his hair over to hide his pathetic hairline HAHAHA
A-axiun...is that you

i could beat you up kid lmao
on a computer
Bullshit. I'm an American that moved to Eastern Europe because I like being around whites more. Worst thing I see here is the occasional gypsy or drunk. Eastern Europe is the last bastion of the white man. Fight me faggot
Holy fucking shit, dude. I don't know or care which side you're on, you're absolutely pathetic and definitely DYEL as fuck
Based Unabomber
Reminder that niggers will talk shit about white people until the end of time but would never even consider leaving the safety and prosperity whites provide them.
Fat nigger cope
Also, what is the best deltoid accessory lift?

Puberty. At most puberty + 1 year. Anybody who disagrees cannot flat bench lmao1pl8.
If there's grass on the field it should be legal to play ball tbqh
14 for people between 14 and 17. 15 for 18 and up.
Is this actually big?

4 u, yes.
>molded by the traps
CIA sure seemed to think so.
My goal is to cosplay as him and smash a Harley Quinn conslut
You tell me.
bloat lord with roid traps
>I didn't see 5'9" until I was already a man
check'd and pill'd
That sounds very achievable. Smart man. Use protection, though. Those girls get around.
chekked and kekked

How does that make you feel?
Is the question related to the picture? Because yeah it makes dick nice
Pls be kg
no vid no did
Literally no one can row 300 kg lol
what kind of row?
Is that code for you fucked a cow?
Was it strict or more of a power row? Nothing wrong with either but a 300 pound strict row is pretty damn good
How did you fit yourself into the boat? xd
makes me hope to be there one day
I don't know what that means but good job
feels like youre weak and desperate for approval
Mentally a bitch
How much do you weigh?
Like I want to rip the gym pants off a single mother.
Lmao!!!! Upvoted!! XDXD
Did you row on a machine or with a barbell. If you used a barbell I can guarantee you used all legs and fucked your back
why are you on fit
Nothing personnel, slut
you're just another nobody.
Op here, ill fuckin OHP you then crack you spine on my knee, you low test numale beta cuck soiboy
Nani!?!
>stomps my cigarette to wash and walks away into the night
maybe Cailer can, with loose form
big if true
Jesus fuck, you need to go back.
To get fit and know that I'll get made fun of if I don't progress
Proud. If not indifferent. Good on ya, man.
Whats nani and why are you triggered
I feel nothing
we're all gonna make it lads
I had a runny poop today. How do you feel about it?
just tell us your deadlift instead
hey man it makes me feel proud of you, great job!
His form is already loose as fuck with a ton of admitted body English and leg drive at 5 or so plates. If anyone honest to God rows 300kg my bet is Brian Shaw or bjorrnson or someone like that
Guess how we can tell you don't lift
I went to the gym for te 2nd time today. New OHP PB of 65lbs
previously on hormonal teenage girls who bitch about everything
NPP or EQ for a 16 week bulk cycle lads?
eq is the biggest meme compound in the world
What do you do to prevent bíceps tears doing curls? I'm scared of this shit.
Degrease wright and more volume
Stop doing heavy curls you dimwit lmfao. Of all the exercises to go light on it would be biceps and triceps. I get going heavy on compounds but come on.
*decrease weight hoe the duck does that happen
Can confirm. Literal waste of money for possible ED
Fuckonh phonepodter
750mg Test/700mg NPP sound solid?
See you on the other side brehs.
>cutting for your first cycle
It's not my first cycle
>it’s not my first cycle
It's not. I was 167lbs, I reached 194lbs finishing last cycle. I lost some muscle, gained some fat and now I want to cut. What's the problem?
I like it. the dose are decently high though depending on how new you are to this. what's your cycle history?
How did she react?
More like reTard, am I right fellas??
at least his hairline isn’t 8 inches from his eyebrows lmao
TAKE THE PLASTIC PILL< I REPEAT TAKE THE PLASTIC PILL
mast what’s your go to bulk blast since you don’t do tren or deca anymore? just high test?
I never did tren tho, only deca.
what about dhb
how much actual size you've put on during that bulk?
acturer=37
Saw? PSO?
Pumpkin seed oil
Around 8-10kg
What for? Just making your hair thicc?
Learn to use a link shortener fg8
I hardly see how Dave N Buster's is going to help.
Have not tried phentermine (I imagine it is just like Adderall, but without the speed benefits + justifying the script would be hard), DNP (not desperate enough).
lmao enjoy your cancer bro
I wasn't taking it in doses 600x higher than therapeutic for six months straight like the mice. I think my chances are alright.
lmao should we tell him lads
You can't do basic math. The ""therapeutic"" dose is not too far off from the equivalent human dose.
your nose is jewing again yikes!
Shit like this makes me want to lose my natty card
Steroids should be TO GO EVEN FURTHER BEYOND, not make up for being a little boi.
Nothing can save someone with bad genes and no discipline, steroids are only a tool
SUICIDE FUEL
If you don't know how to lift/rest/eat how the fuck are you going to benefit from these chemicals? You'll just end up skinnyfat/bloated with shit tons of acne and shrunken balls.
recommended for aesthetics
why do you inject into a muscle ? Why not a vein ?
Heart hypertrophy/gains is a bad thing
Still wouldn't do it.
yeah but if you inject into your muscles the roids still affect your heart
.. but they don’t pass through it.
It doesn't have such a large impact on the hearth tho, if you pin your veins you will simply die like rich.
where is the "h" is dave n buster's you unfunny faggot
This is fucking retarded.
care to explain?
you don't inject into a vein because YOU WILL FUCKING DIE. it has nothing to do with magic spot hypertrophy
Fuckin newfags
TAKE THE VASCULARITY PILL
wow man that is incredibly igornant and incorrect. direct iv injection into a vein compounds the drug and makes it significantly more effective, everyone knows this. is this your first time here? iv injecting test is the quickest and most effective way to have it start working quickly. otherwise it takes like ~3 weeks to kick in - then when it does its significantly less potent.
I know this has been discussed before, but can roids make you gay? I am being 100% serious. It seems like a really slippery slope desu. You start appreciating the male body a lot more, before you know it you fap to your first trap, then you spend months agonizing over fucking one, then you fuck one but its not enough. You start looking even harder at male bodies and then males in general. Then you download grindr "just to see whats out there." Before you know hes over there at your house bent over in the next room. Then before you know it, its over.

If anything steroids made me even more heterosexual, I desire feminine traits (read tits and ass) more then ever.
Should I stop my pct now?
Tren can make you gay. Tren will make your inner self go out
Fuck!!
is gangbanging a mtf trans gay?
Only if you make it.
how will it kill you ?
wouldnt an enlarged heart be a good thing because its stronger so it can pump blood better and faster ?
Yeah just like increased RBC is good until a certain point when your blood becomes sludge and you get a stroke.
soeone hekp me
how can you see textures ? textures are a feeling
this would also be amazing it it wasn't teriffyingh
holy dhiy im trippih hard. someone tell me they see the boxes on their screen move and take on shapes theyre not supposed to
what happend to including the reddit /r/steroids wiki in the thread ?
The bald stage is gonna be so shit.
American here. Got my blood tested today. If my T is too low I'm cruising if the doc doesn't give me something. What price range should I expect for black market T and whatever is needed to balance out my estrogen.
More research bud.
This is me doing research
dont expect everyone to spoon feed you into. You need to find what works for you with trt, Based on blood tests.
Yes, I'm getting the blood test....please read. If it's low I cruise on T for healthy levels.
Means you should go back and read the wiki
yeah let's just go to the doctor every two weeks for random blood tests he won't suspect a thing
Still doesn't realise it's at least 4weeks before system is saturated
Too expensive
Bing bang boom
why stop at trt ?
I don't want to lose my natty card and I'm relatively new to lifting so no reason to get on gear yet. Maybe in 4-5 years. Plus don't have a lot of income.
Who is this Cock Rock?
Read the fucking wiki and lurk more.
their isnt a wiki in the OP
Guess what am i on
I'll be here too. Poast pics when you fuck up.
>their
Yeah nah, fuck off.
Oh...okay..
Do steroids make you age faster?
Food is magic
She's a fucking snacc but I do want to keep things non-physical for at least a little while.
If age is simply a number that counts toward your inevitable end,
I don't generally make fun of you crusader-chan, but this is one of those moments.
I have full intentions of a long term relationship if I can get one.
>snacc
But she is. Pretty face too.
I think nolva makes my dick bigger. What are other drugs that is the same with less sides than nolva
pulmonary embolism. Except instead of a blood clot a big blob of oil
Nice. Hope you can manage to get a date with her. I think after you've been on a date things will be easier.
INTERESTED
Whats your opinion on meth as cutting agent?
When bulking do you guys prefer equal test and deca or higher deca?
How big is her penis
Trying to decide between 1g test 900 deca and 750mg test 1200mg deca.
Roll for how many you’re gonna do today and post your pb for most reps
>pullups
In the evenings I do 20 reps with 30-40 added weight. Usually 3-4 reps per set
Do you do anything else for your back? I do pull ups twice a week and wondering if it's enough.
Reps fer the mountains.
maybe some kind of rows
I really wanna jerk it today. Should I do it?
Jerk off someone else that way you are still going thru the motions but not blowing your own load
fap but don't watch porn. If you don't want to do that idk.
>doing nofap
If you do it you would feel horrible afterwards and you will regret it.
Shut the fuck up
What are some things you guys snack on when you're just relaxing? The healthier the better.

Nutrigrain bars
also, your answer is a banana.
>makes your breath more attractive to the opposite sex (look it up) if you college kids arent munching celery in class youre doing it wrong and women would bring it up without fail. just dont be skelly or whale tier and its not cringey in the slightest
No such thing as negative calories bud
A choice of either water, tomatoes, carrots, or ice soup.
>"That guy is eating celery, lmao randomm, cringe much"
hummus (not sabra) with pita bread, cucumber, carrots, maybe some brocc
Nothing. My ass bleeds when I shit. Gotta stay lanklet 4ever
Bananas are literally 53% sugar. It's one of the most calorically dense fruits there is. There are a million better things to snack on.
Eat the right amount of nutritious food for your meal and you don't need it. Better to give your body a break from digesting.
you sound like you spend too much time on this indonesian hentai fanclub imageboard. if youre decent looking this never happens.
Both very low calorie and very useful to take the edge off when cutting
Cheese and apples
You would have to eat a dozen Bananas before eating the equivalent amount of sugar in a chocolate bar.
No it literally doesn't. Look up if celery has negative calories. It was a mistake to call you bud. You're just straight retarded.
I like dried mango strips
>oats and yogurt
shit no youre right thanks for putting that bullshit meme to rest. ill wear the retard hat
Roasted seaweed, sunflower seeds, romaine heart leaves
>Other milkshakes, like the above but add oranges or strawberries.
i agree.
Disgusting fat kike whore. The niggers go crazy over these creatures
snacking isn't healthy anon
Good whole foods. I’ve managed to take lose 15 pounds and put on muscle at the same time, which I chalk up to diet. No breads or starchy foods.
flapjacks
I’m bulking so if I ever get hungry I make a peanut butter sandwich.
what's it like to be mired? I need motivation to stop being a fat lazy piece of shit
The mires wont come at first but they will come. prove youve got what it takes and youll get what you need to keep going. Start this weekend.
not a mire
feels amazing knowing that a girl acknowledged my existance
you got an example or just gonna be negative nancy?

This is what being mired is like when you have zero self esteem.
hope you boys get mired one day.
I'm a chinlet so I've never been mired and never will no matter how many gains I make.
>her friend is dying laughing, they drive off
You either were gonna get kidnapped or be in a porno
don't worry bro. don't post about it on a racist anime website. just post on the hungarian fish breeding site instead.
Might as well just kys now then so you don't uselessly hog the bench
If only people knew what impact they had on people with just small things, I try to give out at least one compliment a day in hopes that it makes someone's day.
I'll never know.
Haha gay
i also went to a waterpark a few days ago and i got some stares but they were less obvious
Shitty beard genetics and can't grow one
>agree with them and keep enjoying the free food
Plan C: transition
Absolute state of this lad
i wonder where is that strength hiding the whole time when youve got a hot woman directly adjacent to you at the gym bit you refuse to go out like a bitch. maybe the sack.
https://youtu.be/sLB-uMPj27s
It's cool and all. For some reason it's mostly teenage girls I don't know why. What feels even better is self-mires though. Looking in the mirror and just getting fucking pumped about how good you look is one of the best feelings in life man. It keeps me going. To think about how much hotter I'm gonna get.
im not sure either but it's the main reason i love gym thots. whenever i feel like bitching out, i just look around and i get strength through shame or primal rage
You're saying if random strangers drove up to you, told you you were hot and asked you to get in their car, you wouldn't remember?
You must not interact with women too much ˙͜M˙
Damn, people aren't this socially inept, are they?
Nobody smiles at me. It must be my perma-scowl.
its almost as if the website you’re on rn is full of autists
Damn guys she was mirin' hard she wanted the cock lmao cya later virgins
I focused on becoming beautiful for my fit journey and it happened as of recent. All women and men are nicer in general and women will smile when you look at them. Actually being fit is a rarity so when someone sees you they get astonished. Ive being mewing and clesred up my skin conpletely and now I am complete. Only thing left is to continue getting stronger and more ripped. The improvement will never stop I can't be mogged again. Went to a pool party and I mogged the shit out of everyone. All the ladies wanted me when they saw my body. I wish you anons the best of luck. Dont be shy and make eye contact. I love you all except the normies that have been coming in. You dont belong and i know you feel it.
Most of them have probably never had a girl smile at them in public like that before so its progress towards being mired regardless
just try harder for yourselves
We've been mirin each other for weeks and she finally made the first move, then I blew it... i guess it still feels good to get mired, sucks when you're still awkward as fuck and don't capitalize on it.
I feel your plight. But at least now that the ice is broken you can talk to her next time you see her. how things are going and whats shes working on. find something to poke fun at.
If she's still there, you can recover. Go up to her, play it off naturally and just say "Hey, I didn't get your name, I'm anon. Stacey? Right on, Stacey it's cool to run into someone from (insert highschool), what's your phone number? thanks, I'll text you sometime"
Fucking unit.
build the rapport nigga
Wouldn't it be better to give her his actual name?
yoooo glad this guy is here, textbook slip up.
Felt decently good, but kinda weird. Pic related
you guys are right, might as well go for it. thanks, anons.
based anon making the world a better place. i hope you succeed in anything you want to
Does mewing work?
He doesn’t need to be mired to recognize that your story just demonstrates vague potential interest
LMAO LOOK @ ME GUISE AN ILLEGAL BEANER GRILL FLIPPED HER HAIR NEAR ME IM LITERALLY ADONIS MODE
i’m a quintessential 4chan boomer with a decent face and i’m not balding. i’ve been doing noob gains and cutting 300-400 calories for a few months, probaby closest to actual non skinnyfat in my life. i really wasn’t prepared to walk into businesses and see these bored women my age and older look up and not only not be horrified but actually see their fucking faces light up. still getting used to it.
If you don't get mired every day you look like shit
To be fair, she could've been yelling at someone next to me, but I didn't see any other shirtless guys close to me
you aight white boy
I mean it seriously, (you)'ve got to do better for yourself.
just a hint of racism? maybe do (you)rself a favor and invest in some reading comp gains there brainlet
Literally the most amazing abstract feel ever. Indescribable but you'll know it when you experience it.
Mommy‘s handsome lil boy.
Unironically based. She tasted rejection and hated it and got embarrased by her slut friends
Heh, but at least I got mired.
I‘m proud of you!
grow a beard as well as you'll feel and look retarded mewing properly for a long time. it's kind of like a little mask to help your mouth posture.
Is x acid?
>I smile and laugh as my day is made
No, xtc
tomorrows gym sesh is in your honor.
Holy kek, Anon
People stop and stare out of horror, or they stop and stare because you're so damn attractive. It's hard to tell the difference.
I weep for some of you on this board.
I appreciate you backing your story up with a pic. A model mireposter
Being on MDMA is about the only time I can talk to girls confidently and make a genuine connection with them. Twice as easy if they're rolling too.
Same for me. Sucks you can only use it once every few months but then again the side effects and hangover are pretty fucking shit so it's for the better I guess.
Very confused about the whole thing, honestly.
You're hot if you're natty (no homo).
>flex in front of the mirror
>mfw I get the positive afterglow effect every time
marvelous
Save up for a chinplant. One of my friends got one and the difference is like night and day.
I dont know I'm ugly
home gym master race
I'm poor and live way too far away from the nearest gym to go any more than once a week. I'm willing to do the most brutal shit imaginable if it'll get me results. Pic is obviously related and hopefully it'll help people tell me what to do. My goal is as low of bodyfat as reasonable while adding 20-30lbs of muscle. But if only one of the two is possible, I would say losing the fat is more important to me. To be clear, I want the most results possible in the least amount of time. None of that slow 5 year plan bullshit. I know that it takes hard work, I just need to know what I need to be working hard at when I am limited to essentially just cardio and bodyweight training.
Go to a gym
I meant most brutal workouts. I literally don't have the time or money for that. I would have to drive about an hour each way, pay for gas, and spend time driving that could be spent trying to get fit. If you genuinely think that it would be more efficient to burn 2 hours per workout driving than to just find another way then I'll do that. I just assumed that time wasted isn't outweighed that easily by proper lifting
fat mother fucker pig
Is that the one where you only eat rats?
Lol don't listen to this cuck. You don't need to starve for days. Just don't eat more than 1000 calories per day and lift constantly. If you can't go to the gym, do push-ups until you can't anymore. Then do some more. Do it every day until you aren't such a fatty. Then move closer to a gym.
Is this the sign that I should switch back to bulking?
Just be yourself haha
Otherwise bump your calories up to maintenance for a few weeks and start a lean bulk.
BASED red filter user
>low light filter
But thanks very much for the advice. I'm going to try it out and see if results improve
You youngsters will be doing the same once you get to my age!
This is the sign that you're not eating at a calorie deficits
Literally impossible, check your calories again. If all else fails, eliminate a meal from your day.
Also very confused. Track all my macros on MFP and I'm always 500-700 below. Frustrating as hell
You need to realise maintainence is a moving target so although you calculate a deficit you might not be at a deficit anymore. By definition a deficit is only a deficit if you lose weight.
I have olympic bar, ez curl bar and 300lbs of weights already.
Fat man calves are the GOAT. Skinnyfat and ottermode plebs will never get to experience this bliss.
Snuggle, snuggle snuggle~!
This is really good advice and I suggest you go to the gym at least 3 to 4 months serious lifting before you even consider a home gym otherwise you're going to make dumb Investments and potentially waste a lot of money. After you stuck with it and hit some big plateaus then start considering a home gym if it works for you. The gym preview money will be well spent to make sure. Also suggest you grab starting strength if you're going to start lifting you don't necessarily have to do the program but the information about the major lifts gear and generally the strength lifestyle is second to none
another question is your cardio ability like miles better after u stopped smoking, or just because u lost weight?
benchpress squat deadlift overhead press and barbel lunges
I'm 100% doing insanity and just generally being less lazy. I'm hiking, I'm walking more. Insanity workout is High Intensity Interval Training. Lots of mixed workouts. Tons and Tons of cardio, some yoga and stretches, power cardio. I follow "Insanity" workout exactly as is.
Stopping smoking was huge for my breathing. I can smell again. It's fucking amazing. I'm 35 and smoked since I was 14. I quit in 2 weeks with a E cig. Just cold turkey switched, and then quiting the E cig was easy because that thing was gross and I hated it.
Do I need a certain type of Bench that would work well with power rack w/ lat pull? Do I need leg extension to work legs?
You're gonna make it, Anon
You're saying just go with a normal bench + squat rack and I can do everything I need with barbell and weights?
No, you don't need the power rack. It's useful for exactly what you said, but those are all either unnecessary or you can do them other ways.
i would personally just get a power rack, its a very good base to your home gym. u can pretty much do solid workouts every session within that. pullups and barbell movements. then u can just buy other items for exercises u really want to do
Why aren't you eating beans, /fit/?
You eat all my beans nigga?
I hate the texture, they remind me of my young Mexican stepmom who use to pinch me when my dad wasn't looking or around. Also didn't allow me to come to their wedding and kicked me from their house to live with my mom when I was 9.
all beans belong to the Bean Wizard
I eat pinto, black, and kidney beans. They're great together.
This nigga eating beans
I eat beans, rice and tortilla every day
I can't suffer the taste of the regular beans. But split peas, split chickpeas (chana), split fava and lentils are god-tier. Unlike refined grains, split pulses retain almost all of the fibers, micronutrients and the low glycemic index. Cheap, good for both cutting and bulking. Leave in the slow cooker with the other ingredients you desire and you have a no effort, nutritionally dense and complete meal. Don't forget the spices, tho.
Rice and beans with your meat of choice is a god tier meal. Easy to cook, great gains. What’s not to like?
Phytates and lechitins
this nigga eatin beans
TELL ME THE TRUTH ABOUT RAW ONION CONSUMPTON
A bunch of Iranian high-school students fed onions to rats and found it raised their test by 900%, the abstract was uploaded to some obscure website. No one here even know what "peer review" means even thought they think science is God, they just roll with it, like a dogma, like medieval peasants.
I miss the /onion/ generals..
said, except it was real scientists in a real medical journal. Also onionman test himself and had a few percent increase in test and a 66% decrease in estrogen. I tried it. I felt better.
onions
My grandfather used to eat sweet onions raw like an apple.
#nottheonion
Good luck bro. It makes you feel like a boss and works but your breath will stink and your mouth will burn eating the onion raw. I wish there was a way to have the best of both worlds but I havent found a way.
Have you tried onion smoothie??
Sounds gross and would probably still suck.
What kind of onion should I start eating? Also, I've heard something about raw garlic? Anyone know what that is?
I'm eating 1 whole garlic head raw everyday. Is it worse than it?
The onion meme is real but theres many more, white mushrooms, brocolli sprouts have the same effect. Every nonstarch veg is pretty much anti-aromatizing.
Bumping for this garlic is something I'm interested in too
/24302558
I never really bought into Pre-workout, whey and shakes memes. But should I do garlic/onion juice/shake or just start pinning gear?
Can someone post onion anon's testosterone tests?
No because it's not a neurotoxin.
Btw checkd
meditation

Otherwise you want aged garlic extract.
good antibacterial, but ur mouth will stink like all hell
Blue vidalias
>meditation
ur big brain arent u??
Kek, anon pls. If anything, meditation is significantly better than fucking keto and cold showers.
So when I was a kid (from 4 to 6-7 years old) I used to just grab raw onions from the refrigerator and eat them like apples. What the fuck does this mean? Was kid me trying to raise his test levels or what?
I NEED A NAME.
Shut up
I'll share once I know, the police has arrested the lad already. The gym owner apologized personally. It's only a matter of time until we get a name.
Lol what a fag, how come gym staff didn't intervene or call police?
not your personal army
I would have collapsed on the ground the moment he kicks the bar out of my hands. Grip my back and scream he killed my back. Hopefully get some monies and have him banned from the gym
the kid grips his crotch and doubles over like he was kicked but it doesn't seem like he was, so I think he had the same plan as you
he has to die
grow up
source?
Should the gym give the kid free membership for a year or something?
Removing filth is a necessary step, weakling
Top kek, don't say this shit unless you're really gonna do it. Either blow his fucking brains out or shut the fuck up.
What the fuck are you going to do faggot, call his phone and leave a passive aggressive message? Neck yourself, the sand nigger put some twink fairy in his place, end of the story.
filtered
oh my god, are the same loser from yesterday?
He reacted like anyone else would do on that scenario.
By gripping a part of his body that doesn't seem to have been hit at all?
AlphaDestiny has sent word to his audience, a video has been made on the matter. Alpha and his crew is based in Montreal, he's hoping to link up with the kid and offer him aid and give him a list of non-cuck gyms. He's under Alpha's protection now.The fucking bully is done for within the week, he's getting his ass slammed with a lawsuit and, here's hoping, a hefty prison sentence and then his asshole will be split in jail. Unless he flees the country or hangs himself in his apartment there is no way he is getting out of this, the whole city is on high-alert for this dickhead and if the police don't get him, the public will.
I believe he is using straps so he very well might have a hernia or some other groin/hamstring injury

Which workout program is best to look like the 2018 Terminator?
Draw stupid little lines around your muscles to look a little robotic
Start chainsmoking and consume only coffee and taco bell.
>Draw stupid little lines around your stupid little muscles
those lines arent drawn, they're made by tanning lol
Dylan Roof?
this guy looks like a turbo faggot
Ad just a touch to those hips, and he'd be a decent enough looking she.
the one on the right
If youtube gained sentience and started making killer bots based on fuccboi "influencers"
Only Asians and their cute little chinklets
Why is it when Hollywood does a gender swap, they usually flop.. but when Japan does it, it becomes a franchise that banks on turning historical/mythical male figures into females?
Shoot blacks x failure
/thread
Hollywood is creatively bankrupt talentless hacky shit with an obscene social engineering agenda and the sooner that whole industry crashes the better off the world is. Jong-un would have done the world and America a favor by cruise missiling Hollywood during a major award show.

I honestly cant tell if thats a dude or a chick
Hollywood makes the woman manly
your not fooling me anon, there are no tiddies on that "woman"
the nips do it because they're horny, hollywood does it because they're SJWs
us/1024640947940773888
How the fuck is this franchise still being greenlit after the last one? And how the fuck are they managing to make it even worse?
where's the tits
Fuck Weinstein. Fuck San Francisco. Fuck California and fuck New York for pushing their infernal disgusting mores and media on to the rest of the country and the world.
Do you think If incels actually worked out, ate clean and got fit, their shitty life problems would go away?
What is an incel
Thats pretty much all of fit, and look at fit
Incels rise up
Look up gymcels.
Also, please link article.
No, they would just be in better physical shape.
oh and they are virgins
sorry manlets
Most of the time incels are decent looking, but are so socially broken that they cant get girls. Most of them have impossibly high standards too. They are like 6/10s looking to get a virgin 9/10 who will do nothing but cook, clean, and suck them off.
It's okay, were used to suffering
Altough single moms are savage with flirting
>inb4 "Oh but I saw an ugly guy with a girl once so anyone can do it just b urself haha"
My dude, if you're to the point where single moms and gay dudes are hitting on you, and youve got 1 aesthetic shirtless pic, get your ass on tinder and find someone
Also db vs bb curls?
>"This isn't fitness related, fuck /fit/ has gone to shit. I want misc to leave"
vUQcnfwUUM"

Feels good
she was fuckn sasha grey tier before she went full bogdanoff mode
but one time she said " dont talk like that or im gonnaaa" i still jack off to that memory
please continue for education purposes
Dumbbells since my wrists are fucked and it's not alpha to do 65lb on a barbell
Current gf said "break me if you have to" during doggy

>i want you to meet my parents first
I can make this all end, all you have to do is say it.
unironically this has been my jam for the past 3 years, love this song
You just made it
Bitch was nuts

God that sounds so fucking hot anon
it's like men and women are two different species and one survived by being extremely useful in every situation while the other was a parasite that was kept alive due to being attractive to the man
sometimes I wanna call her up and see if we can fuck. but like i said shes clinically diagnosed cray cray. Its really a damn shame.
Dragon ball curls brah
we have a crazy winner
Are all women this crazy?
>next morning delete her number from phone
>for a second there your face turned into my dads
>Had a lawyer pull a loaded gun out from under her pillow
Sounds like something from a movie.
gonnaaa what

Bogdanoff mode?
I would say it's a trade-off between convenience and isolation; with bb curls your sets will be done faster but you might also be more prone to tendonitis (this is what sort of happened to my brother, but I've been alright with it so far), whilst db will isolate the head of the bicep or the brachialis depending on the exercise (eg hammer curls vs preacher curls).
I'd be gone with the wind son
My first(and frankly only) gf would say the stupidest shit she could think up but when I asked her to elaborate she would get mad at ME for thinking it meant anything. One that sticks out was she went down a list of pretty much every male she knew asking if they want to fuck her.
they know. fuck off larper
he doesn't know, pump it.
>says she doesnt care and wants me to fuck her and cum in her so she can have twins that she promised to a figure in her religion
You should've warned the bf bro you doomed him to be cucked and stuck with some crazy roastie
there is literally nothing wrong with getting blacked.
So, how many hidden cameras were there..?

Wut? Explain more pls.
yeah, imagine that...
I mean after that I popped a Cyalis and went to town but for real like the whole week I was ready for the cops to come knocking and she put out a rape charge on my ass.
"Fuck my nigger pussy daddy. Fuck me massah fuck me! Give me that dirty cracker dick, that honkey cock!"
A girl took a shit on my dick when I gave her suprise anal...
I don't know what you want explained. I thought I was pretty clear.
You pulled the trigger, right?
>tfw raceplay is hot as fuck
t. performance anxiety
i did this once i hate fucked my ex, tied her up slapped her, choked her. and strolled out of her house she had with like 3 other tenants.
>Pretty sure she was joking until during a BJ she put her nose on my dick
Nah I was worried she was going to, I'm tired from the workout today so I'm misspelling words and not caring to correct them
fuck i lost it at that
I picked up this girl at a bar with huge fake tits, she blew me on the way to my apartment and pulled her shirt under her tits for most of the car ride. Got inside and she saw a 13 star American flag hanging up and asked why I had it and told her I like revolutionary history. While we were fucking she asked me if I was a nazi because I have blonde hair blue eyes then she started to say I'll be your Anne Frank and was telling me to hunt her down. After she left there was mascara all over my pillow which I found out got there because a few days later she came over again and started to cry when we started to have sex and said she always cries during sex then tried to suck my dick while mascara was running down from her eyes.
I was a little shook after I dropped her off lmao
I did it but I felt bad the whole time and was scared she was gonna try to get me in trouble or something
also lana is borderline retarded. i'm talking unironically a sub 90 iq, just like most pornstars
Women always say how bad men are but they always seem to be the most depraved ones.
Mein Neger
I love choking and pulling hair, if a slut wants it im happy to oblige
that bitch must have had some serious abuse crying during sex ( unless its like jaw dropping excruiating ecstasy) is not normal
and yeah it was so fucking hot. I fucked her until she drooled all over my bed. When we're not together and I wanna jaggoff this is usually what I think of.
Do you feel the warmthness?
Only do this if your deep in a relationship with a girl, never with a one night stand.
That chick was a hoe. I remember taking her to my apartment complex and she told me she fucked a guy who lived here before hahaha
can a 20 year old kv still make it?
"I love you"
For sure bro! Anyway chicks are overrated
she wouldn't shut the fuck up when there was literally a news crew outside my house for an art auction
This chick was crazy. She made me cum 3 times that night. Third time I barely had anything in me. At one point when i was fucking her doggy her face looked awkward and asked if she was ok and she said she was but later found out that was her crying. When she came over few days later we talked for a little before, I think she said she used to live with her grand parents. Then when I saw her crying and she said sorry and she was ok she tried to blow me and not gonna lie it was kinda hot but I stopped her because I felt bad for her but I also didn't want to find out if I was into girls crying while blowing me because you turn around on that path. After she left I went right to my roommate and told him what happened and the first thing he said was that she was molested as a kid, he said he was with a girl who cried as well and told him because she was molested
Also she was an 18 year old single mother.
Unironically anyone can still make it.
Now I have some weird fetish and I hate her for it
wow dang you guys sure do have sex
Had a gf who swallowed every single time. Was really submissive in the sex, but when it came time to swallow, it was her show. Never thought those stupid fucking "when you nut but she keeps sucking" memes were based in fact until I had this bitch trying to vaccum off the skin of my cock for a minute after I came
Not this time, Bog.
Better get it done before 23 because you might as well join the wizard club. What's keeping you back? Spaghetti falls out of your pockets? Bad fashion? What are we working with?
>she stopped going to the gym
Anon I'm not saying I wouldn't of done the exact same thing but doesn't it make you a little depressed knowing women behave like this?
said, I have to kill my ego.
>Too shy to talk about sex, but is basically a feral animal during
Her explaining what she actually wanted was a little awkward.
Guys on /fit/ sure do have a lot of sex and are really great at it giving girls lots of orgasms and fucking violently like porn stars wow
ElM6T50w
Yea, cheating is painful to think about. Don't color it as an exceptionally shitty thing just cause there's a vagina initiating it.
Hope you like the rest of her b/c this is a fucking keeper
Either way cheating depresses me and I've never even be cheated on. I almost wonder if I couldn't fuck a girl because of how much it would depress me.
You can do it anon, just be careful what u wish for
> that honkey cock!
He did say she downed a fifth of liquor
I was on nofap you fucking son of a bitch holy hell
(ended up breaking up w/ the girl b/c the girl I cheated with (who was an ex-gf) told her... and then we got back together again)
I fucked my gfs ass when she was drunk and there was shit and cum all over my dick but it was still cool
also audio/video recordings are a must if your state laws permit it
Well I didn't have the intention of bringing her home, she came onto me really hard so I just went with it. I don't feel bad for her boyfriend, because the guy who fucked my girlfriend didn't feel bad for me. most relationships are ruined for me, I just pretty much use women to get off now. I'm actually a lot more happy and stress free this way.
its great its like r9k but not wallowing in self pity
4chan has been a normie website since 2009
u went backwards anon
I've switched to bb curls recently because I bought small fat grips (free forearm gains btw) and they don't fit on my gym's dumbells
What the fuck I thought you guys were sad homo virgins. Were you guys Chads all along?
i still really want to fuck a fake tits bimbo
Doomp et
kek, fucking based
A board full of a bunch of nerds who end up addicted to exercising at an autistic level and end up looking like greek gods in an era where women are superficial and shallow as fuck. I'm still socially retarded I just look good.
>put my dick back in her mouth and spank her on the ass a couple of times
based fatheranon
Lol more details pls this is gold
Idk if its killing the ego. I suffered your pain when I was your age, shit even up until 25 or 26. I'd hooked up with plenty of girls before but it wasnt until I hooked up with this girl who I wanted to bang for a few years but always had a boyfriend. And she told me she was interested in me before when she was single but didn't never tried to flirt with me because she always thought I was out of her league. We dated for a year and after she broke up with me and I got over her I just let the ego go full scale and I was able to just hook up with girls confidently, hooked up with 3 girls in a month, had to decide between two girls at a friends wedding. I let the ego live.
Highway to the boomer zone
holy shit anon. made me chuckle but thankfully I know no one is possibly this autistic
I feel bad for her too but desu I kinda wish I had followed up with her after because she was the only fake fitted girl I fucked and her tits were done pretty nice and she was a freak. But crazy. Just be careful, you probably
I usually forget condoms because i never assume I’m gonna have sex so girls just get frustrated and jam my cock into them unprotected.

i wish i had a functional autist gf
wow fucking goals right here
please continue
I do this too. Also some of them are really hot to listen back to
>not telling the bro to come in during teh middle of your fucking his girls so he has "proof"
jesus christ how terrifying
Negged
Reminds me of that anon who got asked by a cosplayer to break into her room and pretend rape her, only for her to blackmail him with the tape and force him to fuck a guy.
Just recently she started legit doing ahegao, she says she doesn't know she's doing it but I doubt that. But she got her sex ed from hentai, shit's crazy sometimes.
I'm as envious as a person can possibly be right now god damn you for not fucking her every day
my cock would explode
>literally start to shake from excitement
>dating a whore
How was it though?
she looks like she fucks black guys
Nothing better than colonising pussy.
It was good. Tbh feeling isn't that much different than vag with all the lube but the mental turn on is pretty great.
Based first post
Was legit concerned about how much of a freak she was after that, that was actually stupidly risky. Shortly after had to establish some boundaries, because she kept initiating sex in public, in situations where we were gonna end up fucking arrested
Sex with her has risen to another level now. I choke her, force her to suck my cock, pull her hair, goddamn.
White girl once asked me to commit black-on-white crime with her, we broke up because she was a really annoying wigger
>I love you.
Holy fuck maybe her parents are freaky and just banged and wanted to absorb their daughter and her mates musk?
Jokes on her, I made it anyways
She's not marriage material.
How did you meet your gfs guys?
it was a very bad idea but we did it twice
Over an over. I didn't know what to say: "i-i am..", "okay"? It didn't last.
Holy fuck, are you me?
Anon I must hear more
A girl legit started biting me during sex so I bit her back. It was weird, at one point she bit my ass.
Same, except I strangled her back in self defense. It's how we both love how much we love choking

She wanted to relive her rape. I knew enough about it to get the basic details in. Wasn't very cool for me, but she came really hard. Afterward she laid there and cried and I thought I had fucked up, but when I asked she told me it was perfect and that she loved me. I'm glad she never asked for that again, it was creepy and it was also very hard work. I don't know how women actually get raped, it's too much effort in my opinion.
Wow is there a word for the opposite of a fetish? That sounds awful
HEY SHUT UP, SHUT THE FUCK UP, YOU FUCKING RETARD
I had a girl call me some other dudes name. It was then that I realized she wasn't over her ex and that's why she always wanted to get black out drunk every time we hung out. Quickly exited that relationship...
I am, from the future, you're gonna make it brah
Heh get on my level i have a gf and im still a virgin.
Enthusiastic excessive drinking is a major red flag
Why the fuck is this thing so common apparently
I did that to a girlfriend because I was drunk and earlier that night we had been hanging out with the girl whose name I called her. She was mad at first, but I started laughing uncontrollably. She couldn't get an angry word in edgewise because I was laughing so hard I could barely breathe, so finally she gave up trying to be mad about and I muddled through the rest of fucking her giggling the whole time.
QrYRLeZI
Shut the fuck up, there's plenty of threads with people's opinions.
This is old news now destiny stop shill somewhere else
You posted the wrong video
montreal is just a city for fags, french fags, which is much worse than the normal kind of fag.

Hey /fit/. How fucked i am and what do i do to fix this any help would be appreciated
Have you read the sticky?
Sorry you have passed the point of no return, there is nothing you can do.
You dumb nigger I started off worse than you. Lift and eat at BMR. Post results in 6 months.
You have to lift, practice progressive overload and walk 1.5 hours 3 days a week while eating no refined carbs, so only fruits and veggies, and a lot of meats. This for 6 months is the only way.
stop drinking and hit the elliptical every day for 45 minutes
What she said
just start lifting and cardio ing
1.5 hours every day on the treadmill. Avoid fatty foods and carb load once a week. After about 18 months you should be ready for stronglifts
Facial aesthetics general. Has lifting improved your facial aesthetics?
You’re bretty cute
Yeah, you definitely look like a guy I would totally make out with
Now rate me.
Dios la puridad no mas.

Get in here fellow pajeets, we will take over white snow bunnies
You’re okay but couldn’t you have chosen a pic with a less dumb expression?
hey youre that montreal manlet who roidraged at that kid
That's my regular expression.
>facelet
>facelet
I’d rate you 6/10, how tall are you?
You kinda look like a spic Dylan O’Brien
kek I thought you were mocking him at first
I'm white but thanks

your face looks like an anime character t.b.h
no, but losing weight did
Lifting doesn't really change the face. It the low body fat after a cut that makes your face look better.
OG facelet dude. Can't believe they're still making these threads.
son...
Mewing has helped me make some very noticeable buccinator gains, I can even flex them. Still ugly af though from other features and don't want to post my picture
I've gotten a haircut since this pic was taken, but I like this picture.
you're a cutie
He cute
should i grow my hair back out, or is the short hair better?
both look fine
u look like the savage from game of thrones

My aunt says lifting and losing weight made my face less chubby and more chiseled
kinda look like steve1989
Need a bit more time to find out, but just from losing weight in general my face lost the bit of chub it had on it. Soo
>this is what pajeets actually believe as they shamelessly throw themselves at women and hoping one will eventually accept them
are personal fitness coaches worth it? [[ if you got some spare scratch, naw mean? ]]
If you have the money to spare, why not
or just have 0 idea what to do even after reading sticky
If you got health insurance it might even be covered. I got a month of training sessions covered by mine.
This 00s emo bitch is probably a dried up hag now
Is this actually good for me? I'm not starving and I don't feel particularly awful but I would like to eat to be honest. I'll keep at it if it's healthy but I don't want to find out I was memed into harming my body.
yoir body is perfectly ready to handle one nutritious feeding a day. its more primitve before humans started getting fat and lazy and having their food grown and animals stockpiled.
by the book people will tell you to spread it out but fuck them.
Been doing OMAD too. I don't think there are any magical properties, but it makes meal prep and shopping a lot easier.
it is a meme, but you won't hurt your body. there's nothing wrong with it, you'll just sound like a fag when you say "no thanks its not my feeding time"
Fasting is fine but pointless
Pointless how?
you people are literally worse than vegans

no. no fasting is
Tell me in 100 words why the lifestyle of primitive humans was superior.
(just ignore the high chance of getting your skull caved in )
I’ve basically summarized the entire video if you don’t want to watch it
ha, ok

This thread makes me want to try again though.
Yeah spending all hours of daylight focused on getting enough food to survive provided a lot of time for leisure
Lol, my weight can fluctuate by like 3 lbs or more throughout the day
Thanks for sharing, I didn't think it was a significant amount of weight considering the time it took. Do you have a fasting schedule or do you fluctuate weight using your regular diet?
Is it better than intermittent fasting?
Actually, i did multipld 24 hour fasts for a year and a half to go from 310 or so - 235.
HNNNNG
Brehs...
Is it normal to want to eat her ass?
my test is rising

These days though I'm at 14-15% BF and I can't fast more than a day if I want to be able to sleep that night.
yep. healthy even.
This was my last fwb bodytype. Miss her tobh
>ehrm, you look lovely today, Sarah
I have a boyfriend
how about shorter fasts /fit/ senpai...? will 16 hours have any positive impact?
Nobody can love you like I love you sarah
Lifting isn't fun for me when I have to worry about how much I eat after
post source on the chick or fuck off
Do you want a manfriend?
I've been cutting for 3 months, 2.5 of those with OMAD, went from 93kg to 73kg.
>why's she crying tho
24 hrs is hard, do 48 instead so you actually have decent results. Better yet is a 48 hr dry fast.
Keked so damn hard at this shit. Put me on the screencap.
OMAD is actually easy mode for cutting as long as you eat quality foods
Seems like a good way to hurt yourself.
If prison wasn't a consideration she'd be bent ove that table so damn fast.... Is this what it's like to be a caveman? How many /fit/izens you think you could fend off for this big brapper?
Not shitting is so liberating. It feels like I'm an android or cyborg or someshit. As a neet, less shitting and cooking means more productivity like playing guitar and shit posting
Because only niggers talk to her
What? Do you mean GOMAD?
its my gf
Nigger-tier retards who will never make it as a direct result of their attraction to disgusting fat whales.
Go away Rippletits
Jokes on you I’ve had sex with up to 3 different women

>(You)
too fucking big
Keto + OMAD is fucking great.
being black and fit is a highway to making it
how are your results? i wanna do this. also do you drink snake juice or could i get by with water from 48hr fasts
I've just got done completing a 24 hr and a 48hr waterfast this week, and I'll tell you, the fasting is the easy part. The hard part is not eating like a complete fucking animal the days after your fasts. The fat loss is insane, I've lost 3lbs this week excluding glycogen and water. But honestly I don't think it's worth it. I think you will develop a serious eating disorder if you don't do this shit carefully.
Slam tight, piggy
Anyway, i've felt fucking fantastic in comparison. Solid, stable energy throughout the day. It's lovely. On top of that i'm nowhere near as sore or as hungry as usual.
BRAAAAAAPPPPPPÀ!!!
yeah i'm concerned about developing a binge eating problem. I was thinking OMAD would be more my speed
>rarely binge anymore, and when i do it's nothing compared to how they used to be even when not doing fasts
Look at those hams.
oh my god just call it electrolytes
I'm at 24 hours no food right now just while reading this.
And the longest I've went was 86 hours.
I’d die to see that thick body penetrated by BBC
>these are the fags screeching go back to /pol/
You don't know the difference between thicc and fat so who's the real nigger here?

Sauce??
How do you not feel exhausted and cranky after not eating for so long?
go back and never come here again
Go away. You are seriously the autist who cannot understand nobody likes him in the social group for being so goddamn annoying.

you're either a cuck or a delusional nigger, either way it's my life goal that you end up gassed
I'm a fat fuck and keep messing up around 30 hours. I've been working all week and I do feel better, I'm going to fast all weekend since I won't be distracted by junk in the store at my job. Also going to cut off all social activities so I can actually break 48 hours. I'm sure that once I break the 48 hour mark ill be good to go, will probably even make it 72 if I can just get over that first hill.
I found it never had any huge impact on my weight lose. Extended fasting 3days and more yes but not eating for 24h isn't really much of a game changer.
No... 16h that's just you forgrting to eat lunch and dinner. Short term and if don't have a huge amount of impact
Brrrrraaaaaaaaappppp
No but i fast 16+ hours a day for a month straight every lunar year.
MOUNT AND BREED
What an attractive young woman.
4) my relation to food completelly changed. Wen i fast I'm not hungry, when i eat, i eat so much i never crave anything.

Minimum is 23h omad man, anything below that you can’t call it a fast. You can still lose weight on 16h if u count calories but it still isn’t a fast
I was at that dance!
NAME AND INSTAGRAM NOW

WHO?????

/FIT/ ETERNALLY BTFO BRAPFAGS BTFO
As long as she’s freshly showered

Plus not feeling hungry means when purchasing food I can make better choices because I don't have everything making me feel hungrier and more likely to buy garbage. I hope this change will stick when I no longer need the adipex in regards to sticking to better food choices.
I'll fight you fagget
Fuck you...I was going to drop a few more pics from her instagram but now I wont.
She definitely takes black dick behind his back

nd-attraction-2009-2014-107dcbb4f06
who is this
I'm about to be on my 5TH DAY OF FASTING pussy.
>its never happened but the day it does you'll all be sorry haha
someone I know and fucked a few times.
pics or it didnt happen
Nope...not posting any more. You're all a bunch of ungrateful assholes anyway.
Sure thing buddy
>I've ran out of pictures I saved from some girl who I don't know but claim to know
Lost my most recent 40lbs since I started doing day+ long fasting. 80lbs overall and close to my goals. It's hard but it has its benefits. I started out doing a 2 day long fast, it let my stomach snap back and made me more than content with the small portions I'm on with my diet. I got over a lot of the hunger cravings and just opted out of a lot of meals as I did it regularly. I try and throw in a day here and there now if I feel like I'm slipping and eating bigger portions.
I'm 10% bf and lifted for an hour yesterday at the 56 hour mark, you aren't tired while fasting.
It's weird, on Friday I'll slowly get really really tired, then I'll wake up from a nap and I have so much energy I'm buzzing. I think this is evolutionary bullshit where if I were starving as an ape I'd get a boost of energy to go and get food.
yep, I know her and I'm not posting more.
I get really fucking dumb on a fast. That's the only real downside. I've tried studying on fasts and low cal and it's so difficult. Making errors I wouldn't make on a normal diet.
Get the fuck out.
Those pics are of her. You aren't going to get the full size ones out of me.
ok bruh have a nice day
This is my new favorite
>gah y'all are assholes
>100% pierce approved
The first thing that popped into my head though was blood sugar stability if you're eating one day then skipping the next constantly, won't that mess up your blood sugar? It might mess up gains too.
ory/5103-sorority_girl
why do people lie on the internet
I was doing two 36-hour fasts a week earlier this year, you're fine as far as hunger goes after about 10-15 hours
Hahahahahahaha fucking loser. Imagine being so pathetic you save pictures from a porn website then pretend you've fucked the girl on 4chan. Can you imagine how much of a beta loser you'd have to be?
There goes my nofap streak. I want to crank one out at work now
The dress is a bit short on the legs, but I like her style.
I once did a six day fast if you want to call it that. Was living alone and got sick as a dog, lost all appetite, got better but still no appetite. Hit me like a ton of bricks my 7th day when I woke up ate myself sick. Never doing that again.
She will age like garbage. She will be a floppy disgusting mess in 10 years. She's fuck and chuck material
Using this
just eat less move more
2 and a half years later I'm back up to 190, no permanent damage
BED with bulimia retard here, I've noticed similar results from both intermittent fasting and prolonged fasting. It's like with alcohol--not drinking any is a whole lot easier than only drinking a little.
fucking christ I NEED her to sit on my face
>ywn feeling this
These guys are all wrong. All fasting above 8 hours is beneficial. The greatest increase benefits start to appear at the 16-18 hour mark after you've last eaten. The benefits continue the longer you fast, peaking at 5-7 days for maximum autophagy. 16 hour IF, OMAD, and extended fasting are all beneficial it's just that you get more benefits the longer you extend the fast. We're still learning about the various autophagy mechanism, we know of three different autophagy pathways so far that are all triggered under different circumstances. The tl;dr is just fast as long as possible as often as possible to maximize benefit.
ideal couple goals
>Hand on that Booty
literally dream grill

Just finished my 4 hours fast. I feel so proud!
ideal financial goals
No, fasting for that long or even longer is unheard of on this board.
HwH1JkAI
Try it out
IF is vastly superior for unrelated reasons, anyway
>homosexual projecting his inadequacy
no ones farming that hog, sweeee piggy pig sweeeee
Based and redpilled
>t. incel who is pissed that he can't even find desperate fat chicks these days thanks to hook up apps.
criminally underrated
anon please i'm begging you
thanks for sharing?
Anyway i would say give it a try OP, i did and i feel amazing, cant w8 till day 30
checked
pic related
210, she's so close to 2pl8, I'm proud of her
lmao i ain't a faggot
What’s it like to have a gf? Do you love her? Does her being happy make you feel happy?
Then we go to my room and I fuck the shit out of her raw and cum directly through her cervix. I wait about 10 minutes and then do it again. If I'm full of cum I'll do it once or twice more.
What if you used her butt like a pillow
What more could a man want?
I do that actually
im so proud of her :D

in a month? what the fuck
Roids, obviously
I live about 45 miles west of chicago, can I come fuck your gf? I guarantee I am better looking and a better fuck than you are. Im also married and have 3 boys so my seed is quite potent. I would probably get her pregnant on the first try and you would be stuck caring for my child. I think you might like that however. So what do you think??
we broke up because i cheated on her though
Yeah sure buddy, that seems realistic.
the good life, enjoy
Is gonne hit you hard when leaves you m8 sorry in advance
I'd probably fucking kill you tb h.


I doubt that, but whatever floats your boat cuckboi. Let me know where about in chicago you will be i can come talk to your old lady for you. Im sure she will see things my way.
and they'll use sex, the one thing you want from them, to get everything they want from you
Maybe you haven’t found the right woman
op here, this is actually my reality, you were probably hurt or read too much incel shit on the internet and now you actually unironically think all girls are whores and evil
She ran already, so getting her into lifting was easy.
Just wait until 9pm and stand on a corner alone in Englewood. Don't worry she'll find you.
Have you?

If your gf doesnt want to fuck you just as much as you want to fuck them, youve fucked up a long time ago.
Not yet, but my past relationships haven’t been bad either
LOL only weak-willed faggots get cheated on
when they get comfortable they stop trying mate
she wants to fuck me more than I want to fuck her actually, I could literally make her blow me 5 times a day every single day and she'd happily do it without hesitation
Maybe stop being a whipped faggot? I can see where you're coming from, though.
Yes. I'm training her with a basic strength program. The ass gains are great, and she likes getting stronger.
shit's perfect
and her mothers passing is not the reason she's like this because it's been going on from before that
I want a perfect unacheivable dream to work towards and my lifes mission will be to get as close to that as possible.
they get used to you being there and start to take everything for granted then blame you of doing the same
yikes she's bout to dump u brah
She killed her mom to guilt you into staying with her.

>I know literally fucking nothing about their relationship: the post
time for a test injection to cure that case of being a bitch
What kind of women do you date?
>I know literally fucking nothing about their relationship: the post
there's a difference between being in a relationship for a few month or years to being in a real long term adult relationship
probably the fucking wrong kind
The more in love people seem, the closer they are to breaking up
I'm sure you know all the tricks. Your posts read like you're 16.
this is a very good post m8
Embarrassing post
Are you argueing that people shouldn't want stable and happy relationships? Obviously it won't be always fun and you will get into a fight sooner or later even with your perfect dream woman but whats your point exactly? Lol
funnily enough i've been in a relationship since i was 16
You've been together a whole year? Wow man that impressive.
I feel like she appreciates me more and more, and doesn't take anything for granted
it's fun to question peoples relationships when there still new because they get so defensive like their gf is special and their relationship isn't the same as everyone elses shitty relationship


And how long did those last? Because fuck me if you or anyone here tells me about their still amazing dream gf and cuddly/sex life of 5-10+ years.
I started dating my wife 8 years ago. We still fuck a few times a week and have a ton of fun together. We really are best friends and do all kinds of stuff together.
But... Does. She. Squat?
She's more of a runner/yoga type, but when I drag her to the weight room with me she'll actually do real lifts.
faggot
I've seen some old people who've been together their whole lives still madly in love.
life is good
if you want that thicc butt to hold up against gravity long-term, you better get her squatting
Thick is just code from guys who are too insecure to admit they're dating a fatty.
>your gf
is ops pic thicc?
She looks chubby to me
>She squats on my dick
Cartagena? I think I stayed in that hotel.
wouldn't put it past them
>does your gf squat?
you sound like a cuck
ZOOMER BTFO




She goes to work by bicyvle so she has decent legs.
why the fuck do i even come to this place i just end up more depressed
It's more like a ball and chain, limiting your freedom and choice.
>being able to feel happiness and fulfillment is bad

If she doesn't care about what you do, and lets you do what you want, then she's not really into you, and she's got another guy (or mulitple guys) on the side.
keep coping
C O P E
Why do you take things to such extremes? He never implied that he had to ask his gf for permission or approval to do what he wants.
Not like you'd know you miserable sad cunt
keep getting cuck'd
C U C K
Just off yourself already
calm down, cuck
Your dad is a cuck.


Haha yeah she totally doesn’t work out haha girls amirite? I totally have a gf guys haha
Lay off the hentai man
How do I get her to just let me leave my face there guys?
XErFMfR8
Welp time to kms
Thnx im goin to workout
But eventually always becomes this
>crabs in a bucket

>not thinking about your gf's uterus and ovaries while fucking and your cum splashing around inside her
Sorry to break to you but it's true. I'm a thirty year old Boomer who has had like 6 gfs, three of those for over two years and one for 4 years.
Go back.
I dunno maybe you're just retarded?
>personal experiences
TFW half of /fit is sperging Incels barely repping 2pl8 bench and will never make it past the humiliation they felt during their teenage years
Good post, enjoy life, my bro.
Got it
She's unfit, anemic and half asian so she has no ass.
It's never too late to improve your relationship with your so
>when you make it so hard half the thread starts coping
I'm 170 and can only squat 135 :( and why would you cheat on her?
Stop flexing on all us virgins plz
psshh he could stand there all night without any trouble. Now a few blocks south-west on the other hand...
this was definitely written by a virgin
because I’m incapable of loving someone, because I’m incapable of loving myself.
posting this will just get you a bunch of (You)s from people copeposting or deluded 18y olds
>implying the first few years isn't worth the crack-levels of dopamine release
>couldn't give two shits about thots anymore, dedicate all my time to self improvement


>yfw gf used to be a competitive swimmer (college scholarship), but decided to steer hard into sciences instead so now she's just normal
[2] I'm thinking some vertical pulls, front squats and OHP. Anything else you lads can think of?

what gf?
>I date borderlines, the post
tfw your first love feels like the only love and the rest of your life is spent trying to recreate it and nothing ever measures up.
cringe
i dont know why but i've always wanted a cute girl to do this with
Yes. She's doing SL. Just started tough.
Go back and don't come 'round here no more
dubs decides which method i use

>ywn ask her out
Helium
Sounds pretty lame except for that last part
APOLOGIZE
>dude so weak willed that he needed a fucking surgery to cheat his gluttony
I'm sorry boogie is a lazy faggot who is tricking himself into believing 260 is a healthy weight when it's all fat
thanks for posting my pic :)
boogies dog looks retarded. did he sit on it?
>maintain at 260
>even the dog lost more weight than boogie
>having to maintain 260
Imagine being halfway there and making plans on how to be 40kgs overweight for the rest of your life.
Boogie has been making nothing but >muh depression videos begging for likes lately and it sucks. If he really thinks he'll be happy when he hits his arbitrary goal he's sadly mistaken.
Boogie will relapse for sure. In order to get to 540 pounds you have to be mentally ill, which he didnt fix with the surgery. After a while he'll be able to eat as he did before surgery and then he fattens back up.
Every time I'm reminded of this guys half assed goals I fucking lmao
Boogie will not live to see the end of Trump's Presidency. Check em.
Boogie will die this year if dubs
Stop trying to put that evil on him with your dark meme magic. Boogie is an inspiration to fat people like me that are in a similar situation, due to trauma. Honestly it takes a lot to lose weight when you're already that handicapped by your weight. I commend him and so should you, he's /our guy/

The fatter you are the easier it is. He literally needs someone to feed him in order to maintain his weight. He needs the work of two people to *NOT* lose weight.
What a idiot.
SALAD DODGING
How the fuck did Boogie's dog lose more weight than him.
I think he'd die if he tried to go back to his regular weight.
Now grow up and g'night
lmaooooooo that was me
It's not unheard of for fatties to get bypass, and then eat like a pre-surgery fatty, causing their "stomach" to enlarge basically back to a normal stomach.
Best regards for your future endeavors!
he probably has like over 60lbs of just loose skin if he gets down to 260
Nice RP
Thing is, it's been a year so I don't think his stomach would allow such an event to occur since it's gotten used to its new size.
fat boy stupid ass
IMPROVE
skin doesn't weigh that much even on a obese land whale like this fat fuck
if dubs boogie dies.


I'm glad I'm not at a point in my life where I have to LARP as boogie for attention
he does realise that he is still gonna be borderline morbidly obese at 260 right?
Some guy on My 600lb Life had a 72lb skin apron removed after weight loss. That was just from his abdomen, he was still covered in loose skin
My grandfather died from fucking smoking a few cigs, this motherfucker eats buckets of mayo a day and lives to half a century
I guess what I'm asking is, people who lost the amount of weight I'm losing, and then got skin removal surgery, how many pounds of skin did they get taken off?

Ding ding ding
how is his marriage going?
RIP sweet prince
it's not
we are also the guys whose wifes didnt cheat on us with black men
i smile everytime i see bury outside of s4s
never going to make it
Also, what kind of hospital lets dogs enter in the patients area?
fat people need to die, roll
same goes for my grandfather, since he was 13 he smoked a pack of 20s a day, now he's 75, motherfucker can even run sometimes i dont believe my eyes, not sure if granpa is stupid or just a fucking daredevil, maybe both
he is one though fella and honestly I'm glad I have his same genes

Wrong trip faggot nice try
rofl man how the fuck are such things even possible? i guess thats true, men of a such time were different and much stronger than now
oh my god can somebody just erase this amoeba from our planet, thank you
>boogie may overtake me
dw he cheated, and will probably be back at his start weight within 5 years, like most surgery patients.
Cheated what? He's not competing with anyone. That's like saying recreational lifters are cheating if they roid
It's so obvious now, boogie2988 the 2988 was for the amount of pounds he weighs!
If I remember correctly after 15 years of not smoking your lungs regenerate completely and look as if you've never smoked
They are
Good one (1)
You cannot stand between me and my healthy goal of 260 lbs, I will crush you like a steamroller if you try.
But hey at least I am a lean 14% right Bros?!?!?
You're dangerous to them and their disgusting life style. You are a constant reminder to them that they're lazy pieces of shit.
Cheated his on body by having a completely fucked up surgery that fucks with your insides and scars you for life. Not only that but a surgery with an absolutely shocking failure rate over 5 years.
it's really sad that talented doctors had to waste countless hours on a basket case like you. stay fat and die.
Lmfao what?
It's amazing how for fat fucks being 100lbs overweight is like a rounding error or something like that. 'Close enough'
Wubba lubba dub dubs!
aw yeah nigga!
Based Boogie
Fat faggot
speaking truth to the childish losers who can't mentally develop beyond posting on 4chan - legit
Skin doesn't weight as much as you think it does senpai
Now go eat a whole pizza while youre crying lardo
what its like to die in current year?
Piss off anon. Boogie is cooler than this. Still a fat fucker who doesn't understand how to eat, but he's not what you portray him as.
Fuckin hell
SALAD DODGING
CALORIE THIEVIN’
Re roll cuz fuck this dude
If he wasn't fat, then he wouldn't be le funny fat basedboy on youtube and he'd lost his audience
Praise kek
MCDOUBLE DEVOURIN'
SLURPEE SIPPIN'
Boogster, you’re a cuck, bucko. Roll for gaining 2x weight he lost.
MASS ACCUMULATIN'

C U C K
That's a cute doggo.


OWN GRAVITY HAVIN’
I hope he fucking dies
Fatties RARELY make it... give him 2 years
WHALE MOGGIN'
I weighed 280 and am currently dieting a fuckton to get 170 Is boogie retarded wanting to still be fat?
This. I used to be a weak fatty but never went beyond 220lbs
nice trip
I thought the stalling out at 370lb was just a meme, holy fuck how is this even possible
>mfw booger has a goal weight of 160kg
Most people that get this surgery end up bloating back up after a few years.
At 5'11" went from 285 to 185 with no loose skin (well a very small, nearly unnoticeable amount around my navel).
im 5'8 150lbs and i could probably put on another 10lbs of muscle without being fat.
Yeah but you aren't boogie.
XfVLL5Tc
look another totally organic boogie thread on fit. what's this 1/15 we get per day. boogie kys
shut the fuck up. boogie is a fat fucking pig for a guy whose 44 years old, that is 5'9" and weighs 360 pounds he'd have to be consuming at least 3,700 calories per day just to maintain his fucking current weight. think about that for a minute, 3,700 calories with a stomach the size of an apple. if anything people should be fucking shocked that the guy isn't losing more weight and at his dedication of being a fat fucking slob.
good job bro, keep at it
3700 cal is a lot, how does he even do that
260 is still obese he needs to get down to at least around 160-180
The disgusting faggot isn't even trying is he?
Soda just tastes so good :(( my dad was mean to me :(((
>buncha crabs still shitting on the rare fat that made a change
Jeeeesus

EXCUSE MAKIN
Wow bro you're a fucking genius, congratulations.
I'm pretty sure unless he gets massive extra skin removal 260 won't be a healthy weight but will be pretty thin on him. Imagine how much that flabby ass skin is going to weigh.
How the fuck does he do it with a cut-up stomach? And he's not even at 260 pounds, he's at 360 now. How the fuck do you maintain 360 pounds with stomach that's so small? It's baffling.
Rich Piana died of heart attack at around 280.
lebron james has the best physique of nba. He is never injured and the most athletic player in the league
I started keto 90 days ago, I was at 320 lbs. I'm at 290 now. I refuse to weight more than someone like this, whose whole life was about being a grown up baby, screaming at people and crying on the camera to get money. I hate people who do that and then refuse to at least do the simplest thing - eat less.

So basically Boogie is attempting to maintain at a heart attack weight.
DR ROBOTNIK LOOKING
If trips fat man falls off his mobility scooter and dies
>happy
Reroll
You can say bad words on 4chan.

what a time to be alive.
jesus christ boogie. You fat retard.
Fucking beta. What """trauma""" did you suffer? I distinctly remember my parents getting divorced when I was 8. My mom freaked the fuck out and stabbed my dad several times in front of me, then turned on my brother and I. Besides being on this shit hole of an image board, I turned out fine. Weak willed fatcels trying to blame their lack of self control on muh trauma is the most pathetic shit imaginable
the end of the first one, maybe
nice reddit spacing
Was 146 kg. I am now 106 kg, and want to kys.
>Separating long sentences by a double space is reddit
he needs to make up his mind
>goal weight 250
Fucking Hell guys. I wrote this message about 30 minutes before my parents called me that their overweight dog had died of heart attack. Not even kidding.
rest in peace big pupper
And that's with skin removal surgery...200 (just out of obese) should be his bare minimum target.
Enjoy gaining the weight back once your stomach stretches back out
If dubs boogie makes it
>i mean, 50% of marriages end in divorce and growing up in a non-two-parent-household is extremely common these days but waaahhh look at me i'm a special snowflake and i'm fraaagileee
I can't wait for boogie to die so we stop having these threads and I don't have to look at his fat fucking face again
(or something along these lines. been a while since i heard it)
>turned out alright
Fat ass can't keep up with his lies
i don't get it. why not just go into the woods with a shit ton of water and multivitamins and literally just starve? those dumb fucks on those discovery channel survival shows always lose like 30lb in a span of a month.
Absolutely degenerate
Hope he dies.
At least the dog lost weight
Lose 300 pounds? Why would I need to lose 200 pounds? I can’t see how losing 100 pounds would help me. Fuck off with your 50 pound weight loss you pro-ana nazi. You can’t make me lose 25 pounds. Police, help! This psycho is trying to starve me of my last 10 pounds!
As someone who also got weight loss surgery... boogie will get down to 260 and realize he wants to keep going. 260 isn't enough. He will still feel really fat. Only now do I feel like I'm getting closer and I'm 185, down from 450.
good for him
Hi boogie
he's already consuming at least 3700 calories per day if his weight loss has plateu'd at his current weight. think about that for a minute and then realize how fucking disgusting and a fat pig boogie is
Why would anyone want to pretend to be that fat turd
That right there is the dream.
>traumatic
LARD GARGLIN'

No this is /fit/. None of us actually lift.
Lose 100 more then lifetime of maintaining at 260lb? That is still morbidly obese.
Still the fat fuck who get bullied on the internet
>his goal is to still be morbidly obese
>BOOGIE'S GOING TO MAKE IT BEFORE I DO
this is exactly how the Jazz Jenning threads go on /tv/ and im loving it
Huh, I didn't even know that they'd keep the bypass in for that long. I had a friend/acquaintance from HS get the surgery and he was about 400lbs and dropped down to 180lbs in like ~9 months and then they took it out, and then he dropped to to probably about 160 over the next few months.
why have you not necked yourself yet boogie/boogiefag
you should aim for better than weighing 260 pounds
you deserve a you anon kek
based off his stats his caloric needs daily to maintain his current weight 360 pounds are 3700 his stomach is probably already back to 50-60% of former size. also soda makes the stomach enlarge much faster as the carbonation expands it out which is why fatties are told not to drink soda at all ever again after surgery, none of them listen though
I JUST WANT TO EAT. HOW TASTY IT IS~
> Quads if we're all gonna make it
Confirmed. Boogie tweeted a video in December that had 3 empty cans of Mountain Dew on his table. Fat fuck
didnt have to spend a penny on surgery
THIS A FUCKING VIDEO
fuck off you fuck, tired of seeing you. Tell us when you actually manage to hit 260 in 5 years at this rate.
HRrH_NYg
that's not how that works, he might have decent legs at the most, but more than likely everything else has atrophied.
so he'll be t-rex mode?
rollin'
if dubs boogie lives forever
He better get on some roids. What a stupid fuck he's still going to end up dying from heart disease. Seriously for someone at his size and level of inactivity what would his bf% be around at that size? 40? 50?? Do obese people catabolize a lot of their muscle because of their extreme in activity?
I agree that meme magic is actually very powerful but kys
Dies when? He was going to die anyway
Fuck everybody boogie. you're doing better and good for you.
Where's the inspiration? Are you happy knowing that people like you, who view his content, paid for his surgery and supported his gluttony and lack of willpower?
you're the one who couldn't get past their 12 year old self's trauma and video game fascination
I'm happy for him but goddamn are these threads annoying
The first rule of 4chan is to never listen to 4chan
Jesus christ.
How did you get your gf anon? Did have anything to do with being /fit/?
>tfw no gf
>gymcels rise up
Then I lost the whore, and now I’m getting /fit/
>met on Habbo hotel
She loves my body, a lot. Always comments on it, but no that's not what landed her in the first place.
Are you 6ft?
We were friends for a long time, she started being into me (I'm guessing) cause lifting made me more confident.
Lost contact and then got back in touch last year when she was 20, went well for a few months then I find out she cheated on me with this 45 year old she used to see when she was 15, so he was like 40
literally met her playing 1.6/css.

Met her in a dark humor/ gore Group chat on Whatsapp 2 years ago and now we're together for about 8 months
I’m a girl ama. Maybe I can help you understand what you need to do to get a gf. Seeing these kind of threads always makes me sad.
I wish I never had one in the first place
tits or gtfo, you know the drilll.
Not gonna happen but it’s up to you if you want to believe me or not
I'M SO LONELY
Shut up fag
feels good bros
>the chad boomer
Then you can fuck right off, thot.
tl;dr - Stalking works.
If you’re not creepy about it. Make it seem as casual as possible
That probably shouldn’t have made me laugh cause of how fucked the whole situation was, but it did, thanks anon
what is this, 2008 /b/?
why are you even here? Just to bathe in our lonely misery to make yourself feel better?
Best way go about this is to invent a reason to interact, some instances are easier than others. DM’d a photographer I met to take some new LinkedIn photos for me (current photo is just fine). Rest was easy
also, how do i find a gf that doesn't want to fuck asap?
2007, but yes.
Going out for dinner and that’s kinda hard to answer because everyone is different. Like I have friends that prefer to wait and friends that wouldn’t mind having sex on the first date. If you’re at uni, I’d try to join clubs so you have a chance to meet girls and make new friends, which in turn can lead you to meeting even more girls. I guess if you want a more traditional girl you could try to join a church but then that would be going to church for the wrong reasons.
today was chest and tris day so I had a pretty Ill pump going on
im 26 without ever having a girlfriend is there any hope for me left? i have given up
Will you be my first gf?
No kek. I have no idea who you are. Plus online relationships are lame.
who needs a gf when you have dreams like this?
Enjoy it. I've fucked up every relationship I've ever had (which haven't even been that many) and now I'm a 33 year old boomer and running out of options. They say it's better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all but that's bullshit. Once you've had it and fucked it up you only get more miserable by the day. See you in the gym.
> get's turned down even anonymously online
we worked together, but the moment she decided I was hot was whike i was doing compressions on a patient, usualy people switch every couple of minutes, but my high endurance lets me go for 30-40 minutes usually. She says that was the moment though, she said it was the hottest thing.
I've got a 9/10 face but I was a skelly when I met her. Super nice to be able to toss her around now that I've started lifting.
this is the funniest fucking post in the thread
i never experienced anything young and i'll never be happy
Who do you think that is?
Imagine how nice that love is gonna feel when you finally find it
i hope this is true
Are girls bothered by being asked out by a stranger?
I mean it’s up to you but I’d say you should still give it a shot. Also don’t obsess over stuff you didn’t experience. I actually had a lot of friends that never had a bf/gf till college or even after. Not everyone experiences “young love”. Everyone experiences life differently, not everyone hits certain milestones at the same time.
just be yourself anon and they will come
Depends on the guy’s approach. If he comes off as creepy then yes it would bother me. Also if they are stubborn, I get really annoyed. Like if they won’t take no for an answer and keep insisting.
yes, don't be a creep
How do I get gf?
i have fucking white hair
If you do see a stranger you're attracted to, what's the game plan?
nothing. keep walking, weirdo
I was looking good, I guess?
I just walk up, flex a 'cep and say "wanna fuck?" but im not a beta loser like you.
It's so obvious that there's a lot of creepy shit you did that you're omitting from this.
That’s tricky, it has a lot to do with charisma I think. Say something that would put her at ease and not make her think you’re a major creep. I can’t tell you exactly what to say because it depends on the girl.
Thanks for the advice femanon!
If you want to catch a fish you dont ask the fish how they like to be caught, you ask an expert fisherman.
Not really. She knew that love her and I kept trying to be wih her, which began to make her uncomfortable since she already has a bf. We tried to remain friends, but it was too much for her and her boyfriend found out that I have feelings for her because of some text I send her while trying to fix things. I think hey had a couple of fights, but they're still together. Afterwards she made it clear she chose him over me.
Ok expert fisherman, what’s your advice?
I feel bad for the women that are going to be approached by guys from 4chan (or, even worse, date them) because of your advice.
No wonder she cut you off.
Single now, but all the girls I've been with have commented time and again about my body, even though I'm a dyel manlet.
It'll be excited to be excited again. You just have to be willing to give it a shot.
First she were mirin. She hit me up on fb since we work at the same place and things went off from there. Humor is a great tool aswell. Currently sitting at her place 7 months in taking a huge shit, I guess you can say we're pretty /comfy/
Lol that sounded worse than it acually was. I didn't do that bad
Not anon, but I think a good hook does the trick
Why would you feel bad for those women? Honestly some of these guys here don’t seem that bad, they’re just really shy and introverted. If they practice, they will get better at talking to people. Would you prefer that they never try?
sure, buddy. you're probably a very well-adjusted individual
less competition for me
Legit just have fun wherever you go and girls will come to you effortlessly.
>girls will come to you effortlessly
What do you mean?
Yes, 100%. Women already have enough creepy guys approaching them. You're not helping anyone by giving 4chan freaks the confidence to do so too.
im just defeated that's all
I also dated one girl who said big strong guys weren't her type. Still fucked though, but relationship only lasted a few months before she married a DYEL barber

fuck off faggot
Me too anon. I was so used to being alone then I found someone and was so fucking happy and now its all gone.
Was at a party chatting with some of my normiest friends when the topic of self defense came up and a girl who I hadn't really talked to ever said she knew a thing or two about it, so I felt the need to prove her otherwise. Couple weeks pass, she gets my number from a mutual friend, we go out on a date and we've been seeing eachother for about 10 months now.
Im 20...
Let’s not pretend some women don’t share the same views.
That wasn’t what made her fall for me obviously, but I’m sure it helped.
any one else here just not find any girls in their circles attractive atm?

And you want them to be happy? Fuck them.
I don't even have circles, let alone girls in them
im pretty close with 2 fat girls and im pretty sure one of them likes me but i find them both repulsive. i dont think i'd ever settle for her
Not him but how would you like to be approached my family.
Sorta. I'm still a fat ass, but my drive to better myself impressed her. Confidence and believing in yourself go a long way
>everyone loves mentally ill men in womens clothing
I have 1 circle of friends and they're all girls. Jealous?
... so youre a faggot then?
Kek everyone laughs at that 1 guy who only has female friends its literally the most pathetic thing a man can do.
There's a few guys that talk to me when they see me, but I personally would never consider them friends because men aren't really human.
Girl why are you here? What do you get out of being on 4chan when it’s obvious you hate this place? You’re right that many of them are fucked in the head but 4chan is not a hivemind. The crazy ones are just super vocal and tend to infiltrate every board. In reality, all sorts of people come here. Some of them are definitely Elliot Rodger tier but some just have social anxiety and can’t make friends easily.
>my wide circle (acquaintances, friends of friends etc.) only has uggos or girls that are already taken
In all honesty, I've been coming here since I was a teenager in 2008. I outgrew it and bettered myself years ago, but I never quite found something to replace it with so I always end up coming back. Maybe one day I'll transition into full-normie and be free, but probably not. It is counterproductive to interact with people I largely hate everyday, but also I'm extremely grateful that this place didn't rot my brain like it has many other peoples'.
our upcoming economic depression will be good, this stupid shit will be revealed
then fuck off back to r/eddit, bitch
You, as in girls. Or let's just say, girls like you. Where do you think it's appropriate to meet and chat up women? Where have you met your past boyfriends? What kind of signs would you show to a guy to signal that you're interested in him?
what did you mean by this
How do I approach her? Do I just reveal powerlevel immediately or let it leak out bit by bit?
Hey u wanna b my gf?
Invited her to a bar and she showed up pretty drunk. Invited her back to my place, I laid down on the couch and she threw herself at me when she was done in the bathroom. Been seeing her regularly for half a year but she's now leaving the country to study so it's basically over. finally a relationshit that didn't fucking explode in my face, alright feels
She thinks I'm fit and athletic/strong or whatever but I don't think that played a major part in her being attracted to me. You learn to get funny early when you play the role of the fat kid in school. So now I'm mildly attractive on a good day and have the personality gains of a fat guy who tried hard. :)
If I wasn't /fit/ I seriously doubt my double leg would've been as good, she probably could've sprawled if I didn't squat so much so yeah being /fit/ helps
Girls liked me more when I was a stick, its mostly about personality/confidence/having a nice looking face, I lift because I want to like myself more
dude so funny ha ha ha
Hmmm that depends on the girl.
I can leave, but where would I go?
I've never had a gf. I've been liftan 5 years, I benched 295, did it all right. Nothing works friends
> is on 4chan
There are several other kind of forums that you could go to, not only Reddit or 4chan.
Got my gf when I was a chunky sk8erboi actually. Am now getting fitter and fitter
Same here, got aesthetic to the point where people accuse you of roiding, but still no gf.

Not bait. I'm trapped here with you losers too. Doesn't make what I'm saying any less true.
What do all you'll lift for /fit/?
lifting the sadness away
Helps me forget about sad shit for a while.
broad on the far right is the only worth a second glance
Then again, a lot of men are thots.
Fuck, college girls are children these days.
4,2,1,3
#lift for /thotties/
without any additional information I will cum in your eye you hollow skulled faggot.
Used to love running and am trying to get back into it now that my ankle is OK-ish. My goal has always been to run a marathon, wat do
Anyone got a good ultra plan? Toying with the idea of doing a 50 miler.
First talk to your doctor bro. Did you do any PT? Your safest bet right now would be some cycling ( on a stationary bike if possible) and some light walking. I don't really want to give you any advice other than talk to your doctor or PT. The treadmill will also be a little easier on your legs and safer since if your ankles fail on you you won't be stuck in the middle of nowhere and have to hobble home.
What is a solid time for a 5k?
I would say ≤19 is pretty good. Better than most people. Maybe even 20 if you're a really big guy. ≤16 is pretty damn good.
If so, what are your experiences?
How do I know when I'm ready? So far my longest run is 8.
Just did a 6:32 single mile. Haven't measured what my mile time was in a long time, expected it to be slower.
Which option is more beneficial? Mostly going for maximum calorie burn.
If you're concerned about calories then running on a surface with varying incline is definitely your best bet. Especially if there's a good deal of climbing. It's also good for building leg strength.
I guess my question is - does climbing 2.5k outweigh the downsides of going 2.5k downhill?
aiming for 1.30
Not him but going downhill isn't necessarily even a downside. It is only a bit easier than just running on flat terrain. Given that the uphill is definatly harder and will help you burn way more calories. So go with the uphill route.
Alright, thanks a lot.
I got called daddy yesterday when I was running
one time 3 college girls honked at me from their little car and said something. felt gud
I'm supposed to do a long-ish slow-ish run on mondays, a 2k fast run on wednesdays and HIITs on Fridays. As of the last month I've only had the discipline to do the long-runs, I've literally found any and all excuses to miss the others and compensate by doing some shitty cycling that I know isn't anywhere near as good.
I'll just be happy to finish without injuries and under 2.5
I got flashed by a car full of girls when I was running in college. By my running logs, I think I was 14,000 total miles into training. I'm assuming the next flash comes at 28,000.
I'm hooked on the concept now. Still shitty time, but I cannot deny the proof that it works.
how should i ease back into running? should i do c25k again
If your fear of looking like a lazy shit in front of your loved ones isn't enough you should probably just kys.
Cross training is really underrated. Sure it doesn't give the exact same benefits as running would but it's great for recovering and giving the body an aerobic challenge without all the stress.
It goes away by itself if you keep running, just don't over train and remember to take generous rest days until you're more experienced, make sure you have good form too, the most important things are not heel striking and dropping your feet below your knees (controlled falling), maybe try stretches.
said, it gives the body an extra aerobic push without the extra stress.
Decided to run on the sidewalks along busy streets instead of running on the forest trails. Idk if it was the air, sun, or because Ive ran so much this week but there was a moment where I felt like I was about to faint and fall over. Never had that feeling before. Probably should have ate something before.
Currently I do C210K, ran 9.3 km today followed by a cold shower, feels pretty good, considering I never did any athletic activities in school
I haven't trained for shit, I'm expecting like a 19:30ish I'd be happy with sub 19. Getting fully back into training after this, I'm aiming for a sub-18 5k by Thanksgiving. If I don't reach that, I'll keep 5k training until I do, and after I do I'm going to train for a marathon.
>doing 5 games tomorrow, probably another 10 miles
I think its extensor tendonitis but fucked if I know. I don't want to go to the doctors quite yet since I'm already in PT for my shoulder. What can I do about this? I feel like I'm just starting to see some decent improvement, and now this.
I run about 20km/week, about to bump it up to 30km/week. 10k's feel good, its probably the best distance.
... that is the case, right? If not, 7 minute miles is pretty ambitious for a first half
Ya might have been the food but it's fuckin summer dude. Pretty likely that you were just too damn hot
What is the best running shoe?

Why don't you ask for a rec on /hm/ ;););)
Am I pretty much always going to suck at distance running if I have much more fast twitch muscle than slow twitch muscle? I run an 11.5 100m and now that I am trying to get to distance running it's really starting to hit me that I am fucking slow. I know newbies usually are but I run a 62 minute 10k going all out (granted this was on a rolling hill trail). I can definitely improve right? It's not like I am expecting to become an elite runner but I would like to run a 2:50:00 marathon eventually. This is a really unorganized question but basically what I am asking is, is having more fast twitch muscle a hindrance on your progression in distance running? Will I make endurance gains much slower than others?
Got a good 600km clocked on my Brooke’s Adrenalines. When should I change them?
Will it go away if I lose water weight? Will it go away with age? Is it just baby fat?
5’11” manlet king 185lbs
i’m so sorry
*s n a p*
Those ugly tattoos
Why tf did you get a Brooks Bros tattoo?
You'd be a perfect trap with those hips, definitely more feminine than 99% of stick white girls

I kinda want tattoos of giant robots and stuff, but im afraid i could mess up my pristine skin. If Im just a normal guy not some celebrity, would you advise against it?
what even is your life?
Sheep are cool. Honestly I love the image of the company. Just old timey professionalism.
I think you look fine
no need to be a dick just to prove how anti-tattoo you are even though tattoos are honestly memes for attracting the wrong kind of woman.
Do what you want. Unironically I can cover all mine with a polo shirt. Something to consider.
no thanks. I don't partake.
I can be your angle or your devil
What’s your waifu like?
5’8 160 and her dad is 6’5 so hopefully I can make some future quarterbacks and chill
>skin fedoras
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
This I disagree with, his hips are normal. He's just T-Rex mode
If I were to get multiple tattoos I'd put time and effort into making them blend together, then handing that rough draft off to a reputable artist. Like 90% of tattooed people look like they just walked into their local no-name shop and got small tattoos done here and there until they collected so many that they end up looking like a fridge covered in magnets instead of multiple pieces artistically blended together.
well said m'sir
Those tattoos.... Why
breh...
>dont do legs for 3 months, it ruined the balance
all the ink seems fine except whats with the fucking number 2 why just get a number 2
Still waiting for best boy to arrive.
Up 35 pounds in the 4 months I’ve been doing SL. Been thinking about switching up routine only because I want to lift more than 3 times per week. It’s also made me very back, glute, quad dominant but I knew that going in; still very impressed with the amount on weight I put on.
mirin strong core
as for switching up SL you should be in a good spot to (you should at least be able to squat 2 plate and dead 3 plate by now). keep in mind though that muscle groups still require a days rest to recover so you'll likely be doing accessories to fill up the time.
Also you can wear whatever socks you want when you’re gorgeous.
Just cutting a little more. 183 77.5kg
lol manlet
450/300/500
F A K E S T A T S
why would someone lie about such shit lifts
79 or 80 kg 177 cm.
6' 195lbs, currently gonna cut down to about 180lbs and see how it looks
6'3 195lb
nice love handles
Please do OHP, flat bench and shrugs. Looking good otherwise though my guy.
also any protein recommendations for diet would be helpful.
Haha, do you think she washes those leggings after every workout? Imagine what they'd smell like if she doesn't haha
Furst poast best toast
jaxblade on youtube has some calistenics routines, if you ignore the weeb parts of his vids and just find the routines you should be good
should I just ignore the channel?
Not even sprite? Pathetic.
Thanks for the boner, Anon.
Bacon and cucumbers is cheapest
Also my personal opinion on calisthenics: take a push-pull-legs routine (like the one on scoobies site) and just change every exercise for a bodyweight one. You should be able to do 8-10 pull- and chin-ups though. The upper body is very easily trainable with calisthenics, legs not so much. You might want to take a look at one legged exercises there or simply start biking/running.
You GOT THIS lads ! You can BE ANYTHING ! We're ALL gonna MAKE IT !
I am at square zero with self improvement, no hobbies, bad sleep, low motivation, inconsistent workouts, etc. Someone please tell me where to start, how do I become more disciplined and motivated? Also need to go to church
I can't stop thinking about niggers. I hate them yet know my life would be empty without them.
I've been wanting to give school a go for a while now but never got the chance because of work, but it feels like the stars have ligned up. I'm willing to put the work and develop healthy study habits but school is something totally out of my element and I'd be lying if I said I wasn't scared. The only thing holding me back debt that I'll have to take on for the first year (fafsa deadline is long gone) and failing out. Any advice is welcome bros
Write it down and pin it to your wall or something so its visually there and you cant ignore it. Follow it.
First off make sure you're going to college with a goal in mind. Do you know exactly what major or path you want to pursue with college?
Also learning Spanish and want to learn Mandarin since that's where the world is headed.
faggot Christian?
For the most part,yes. Although honestly, I can see my path changing while in school. I'm planning on getting my associates then doing the transfer the a state school. Seems like a far more economic path of obtaining your degree.
Truly /pol/tarded
Praying to sweet baby Jesus that it doesn't suck total ass
College/University is not hard, all it requires of you is to apply yourself to your studies, and not be a total shitbag like 80% of your peers will be. Seriously, show up to class, do all of your homework, and go to office hours. Just doing those three things will all but guarantee you a passing grade in 90% of undergrad classes.
How do I kill my libido? I just want to stop masturbating but I'm constantly assaulted by the urges
It's not your libido. It's an addiction.
Idk why I'm posting this really, I just needed to get it off my chest
>What projects are you working on?
How fucking far away is your internship or are you doing other things before coming home. If you're doing other things tough shit that's just life, if you're drive is that fucking bad find another internship.
Jesus, your commute is 2 and a half hours each way? Spending 5 hours traveling every day would kill my drive to get to the gym too. Could you use your lunch break to hit the gym, and then eat while you work?
It’s only for a year and I need the experience, so I’m trying to push on, but I’m getting worried that I’m gonna break before that
Seek help
You fucking retard. Pick a different path.
2) Big breakthroughs are actually possible.
What exactly is the third panel supposed to represent? So he reads books and becomes a sculptor?
Ubermensch.
An ubermensch bookworm sculptor of snake killing white men?
That works.
while your libido is whats causing you to masturbate, its also the only reason people have the energy to get things done. get through the first ~30 days of nofap and the urges will be much less frequent
Get your /pol/ shit out of here.
Nope, is just your addiction to dopamine
i'm a pretty big proponent of nofap/noporn but i think writing off the libido as a whole is pretty retarded
No real recs at this time.
How should I go about getting over the fantasy of a possible relationship with her and other chicks in general? Should I send her a message that I would be down to chill if she ever is single?
Also I hope english is not your first language dogbro
I'm looking for a way to make some moneh online. I live with my parents and i need some more pocket money. I am willing to put effort to get money, but i want returns, i don't want any of those websites where you have to hoard change for months before you can take it out. Also, i live in eastern europe so i don't have a lot of option. I was thinking about fiverr, but i can't find any useful skills that i have and that could be used on that website.
>it's honestly a damned good book
It's exciting just thinking about it.
How do I get over lost time?
>too late.
I've thought about this too, I don't want my life to be ruled by sex and dopamine rushes... I want to be a self motivated person, not a pussy hound retard who does everything for girls, but I also just want to experience making love just once as a pleasurable experience while I'm young, with a beautiful woman
Anybody have some useful advice to stop cravings that has worked for them in the past? The urge is so overwhelming it becomes so distracting and all other task are hard to focus on.
He becomes a scholar of history and philosophy and learns to conquer his lower animal nature (sculpture is Hercules fighting Hydra)
Might take you over a year to get comfortable with yourself, but it'll happen. You'll feel the part. I literally was on top of life, but I was so insecure purley because of how small I was. It's a lot better now.
longest I've ever made it was about 20 days... I should really make an attempt as well. I don't know why I can't even make it a month.
I'm on holidays right now, and one of my cousin's friends noticed me at the beach and asked her why she never introduced me to her. She's a solid fucking 9/10 and a few years older than me. The three of us are going out in a few days, and I'm shitting it. I haven't even kissed a girl yet. I'm going through bouts of excitement and nervousness. It's 3 am here and I'm wide awake.
I think that I've made it, brahs.
Any benefits from the 20? At the minor 7 days I've done I did seem to look at women differently and my mood seemed to increase. I wasn't so slimy with my fetishes and had a little bit of confidence. Could have been all placebo but as the adage goes 'you are the placebo'.
That's basically dude beating his dick to show it who's boss, you know overcoming base sexual urges, but since there are a million far more interesting beasts to defeat and show the "man overcomes his animal nature" battle....I'm going with it being not even thinly veiled homoeroticism..which is the norm for modern "art".
good sense of humor goes a long way
My sense of humour is great once I get comfortable around a group of people and get to know their boundaries and their in jokes. In school I'd always have my friends dying of laughter, and likewise. I have a quick wit and my humour is situational.
Also reading forex trading from the wiki
It's like I want to do stuff, but I can't find anything worthwhile doing (aside from lifting)
hell yeah
Are you depressed?
and it is absolutely Hercules taming the hydra, one of his Labors
I don't think so. I have fun with my friends and do enjoy life sometimes, but it's like I have no interests
Why stop now, you pussy? Quit the liquor jew to save your money and your gainz

Fuck that celebrate with anything but alcohol. Go out for a nice steak or whatever your favourite food is. Smoke a joint if you have to...anything but a beer
you sound like ur gonna make it. u should join a frat and become a beautiful arrogant chad
Failed to lap the 140kg stone in last strongman competition so just ordered stone sleeves to be able to train stones for a longer time without the arms looking like they met the cheese grater.
Man I’ve seen you posting about writing this damn book for months, glad you finished it
Because its all my fucking friends do. I don't enjoy food that much or weed so might as well have a 22oz on the couch
Does this seem like a reasonable idea or am I just chasing wild geese?
work upwards from the base layer of Mazlow's hierarchy. A consistent sleep schedule should be your first concern.
What about bikes ? Have you thought about that ?
I've always been wanting to become fit and attractive, but I have no idea where to start.
On the ground, doing as much push ups as you can, and then the same but with squats
Ok, I woke up early. What the fuck do I do now.
Decided to not use the internet for anything other than education and vital functions. No more 4chan, no more twitch, no more news. I feel like I really need a virtual detox. My mind's swamped with information.
little tip for you guys, buying an a4 laminator, some pouches and paper is cheaper than a whiteboard, you can literally make an entire wall a whiteboard if you want to, seem much more viable for people at college and stuff like that
its overrated and doesnt fix the core issues.
When is it too late brehs? I’m 23 (24 at the end of November), and I just feel like I’ve already wasted a good year of what is supposed to be the prime years of your life.
I know meaningless sex is kinda degen but every day the fact that I am a virgin bugs the shit out of me and just wanna get it over with to hopefully realize sex isn’t a big deal
It's never too late, but if you are feeling unfulfilled then don't wait, get on that horse and make your life amazing!
/SiG/ is political, want it or not.
im a virgin, and everytime some girl shares a dumb facebook nigger tier meme about sex my chest hurts, and im like naaa i dont wanna see that, even when people speak about sex and the differences between man and woman i always make my way out of those topics and talk about something else, what does this mean? am i mental? i dont care about making it, i just want to be sane and enjoy the normal people stuff
Do you guys got any advice for this state? Should I just tough it out and work even harder?
Man, you can change a lot in a year. As long as you're still alive, it's not too late. But don't compare yourself to others - you'll have to improve upon yourself and be a better person than you were before, NOT better than everyone else (which in the times of the internet is practically impossible).
How about developing your god damn manhood out of the teenage level of "i gotta drink to fit in"? If they give you shit, just take it and don't act like a little upset boy and it'll all be fine.
Cheers brehs means a lot. We are all going to make it
what are you spending your days doing? waking up at the same time every day?
I also forgot to mention make sure to consider it sounds like you've just gone through a pretty big change, that's enough to cause almost everyone stress
Kind of a mess still really.
how long did you try it for, it's very medically valid but the harvard trial for example used about 30 minutes per day for 8 weeks, as for the warm room I know that pain, consider buying a gel insert and some cheap reusable ice packs (with gel filling) I place them on my mattress and pillow about 30 mins before i go to bed and it's much nicer as for the girlfriend consider looking at what you gain and what she gains, you shouldn't remain in a relationship just because you feel you have to but obviously that's easier said than done
Although I kinda feel like I'm wasting my time with my gf. I love her but I'm not very attracted to her as she's a bit overweight and also mixed race. I'm much more attractive than her and I get a decent amount of female attention. I thought it would be okay though since I figured she'd improve over time just like me, but it feels like I'm constantly improving and she's barely moving forward. What do I do /SIG/? Do I love my gf and try to help her improve by setting an example? Do I leave her and fuck thots? I'm not sure myself.
But I've always been a "look for marriage material" type. I think about how life would be if I felt that exact same way 10-15 years from now with the same woman. Can you handle a lifelong lack of support and dealing with depression? Because you will have to, people like that don't change.
try to make her improve, if she doesn't assume she never will then decide if the relationship is still worth it, just don't give an ultimatum since those are had to recover from, also if you don't mind my prying what job and how much per year?
It's not that I dislike working. I dislike HAVING to work when I don't feel like it. So my ultimate goal is be to able to (if I feel like it) only work 5-10 hours a week from home and still be able to pay my bills/go travel/buy stuff every once in a while.
If she wanted to improve she'd already be doing it.
Also I'm a junior data engineer making ~80k in a low-mid cost of living area so it's a good amount of money. After a couple years that'll jump to 100k+
Think of yourself first, my man, chubs ain't worth it usually.
don't cheat on her, that's just scum tier, but since you're already thinking about it I'd say break up, plus considering she's blaming it on hormones and ignoring the millions of women who lose weight she's probably never going to change
Maybe I'll never grow up. I'll just bang women who don't love me for the rest of my life.
How to make friends in college when you're already in it and all the friend groups have already formed?
Just mainly been focused on lifting and studying for my IT cert. I thought getting up at 4:30 in the morning to lift would be impossible, but with the right mentality you get used to it and realize its not that bad. In terms of hobbies, I've been wanting to get into diy and distilling spirit's. It seems pretty neat.
please help
I don't know dude, can you post an example? I also find a lot of these "sex jokes" dumb and immature, but it depends. In any case you're fine, a lot of people are just pretty easy to impress.
Go back to /pol/tardland please.
Shoo shoo bad advice goblin
Don't overthink, act naturally, don't force thing, they will happend in time.
Read the two Guide listed in the OP. Start training.
Start by waking up at the same time everyday.
Have fun with your tinder GIRL my men, don't forget to respect her and to protect yourself with a condom. Good sex brah, you'll make it, you'll find your own qt3.14.
explain please
Good luck brah, you'll make it.
based advice posters
You're on a good path, glad to hear this, you're gonna make it bro !
Has anyone else felt this way before? How did you guys manage to get out of your own way? And where would you suggest a clueless fool start looking for learning new skills that could actually get him a new career? I can not afford college.
I don't understand how you would meet people in the library. Aren't they busy reading? Wouldn't it be rude to bother them?
The two things are connected but as it pertains to porn, it really is an addiction to dopamine that gets confused for libido.
>still unemployed
Because employment is another chance to make friends, and making friends and improving your social skills makes getting a gf easier.
I applied to 6 places yesterday. Got a voice mail from one and called them back, but no response. Going to call them back again today.
Good shit Anon. Showing initiative is important. Keep it up.
Is military a good idea for me? I scored 97th percentile on the ASVAB, so they told me I can do anything.
We'll try to help you find ways to reach new people, socialize, and develop friendships as well as eventual social network (more generally speaking).
What do?
t. one of my best friends who didnt have many friends before I met him, we chatted and now we chill every other weekend and chat online all the time 6 years out of college

You haven't lost your prime years son, prime years are when you say it's your prime years.
How bad is it to run everyday? I've been doing 5k 3x a week, but I still have a lot of fat to burn
Stay of live leak or fb or whereever you get a constant stream of nigger videos. They're depressing to see and a big time waster. Do you live among them or nearby them when you leave the house?
I'm working hard to accomplish all of my goals and dreams. I've even significantly cut my time spent on 4chan. If I try my best I hope everything will work out for me.
The only thing that puts the fear of god in me regarding discipline and working towards my goals is the sense of time passing and a deadline approaching. Death is a great deadline to use. You will die someday. Better reach your dreams asap before that happens.
Hey dipshit, i know one old couple in particular who got married and had kids pre-22 and live a fantastic life now. They saved money and did all their traveling after kids left the house. If that’s how people want to live their life then let them. So long as it works.
it's definitely gonna hurt you if you're fat. post height/current weight
Working on hitting 5x5 pullups almost everyday in the gym. Did 3x4 and then 5x1 yesterday.
having a vague deadline for my masters dissertation pretty much ruined my life. if you lack discipline or have self-control problems, you want hard dates set in stone. not "someday"
5 ft 7, 80kg
t. Parents were 20 when they had my sister, dad never had time to really have hobbies since work was so demanding and no one is my family or extended family has ever left the state other than going to Myrtle Beach (aka almost everyone in Appalachia ever).
You're a little bit of a fatty. Keep doing your c25k 3 times per week and cut down on the food.
yeah, I know. already got to 5k though. thinking of either getting my times down or increasing distance.
Thank you for the reply, glad I came back in to check on this thread.
This line, man. We all do this, but taking the risks and going for a new career is usually worth it IF you stick with it.
And really keep it up with the applications. Trying to find a job can be really brutal, man. But on the other hand, once you see that your persistence pays off, it'll radiate into other sections of your life.
Absolutely right about Myrtle Beach/Appalachia lmao
>mfw thinking about u hurting
I had a feeling it would be bad. it's just frustrating because I wanna lose fat faster
Increase the caloric deficit instead.
anyone have experience with antidepressants? Will I be memeing myself?
What's the point of living when you've spent your entire young life being a failure?
overcoming past failures is the greatest feeling you can have.
depends what you want to do with existence - if its shit anyway, try it, i think it put stuff in perspective for me
not being a failure in the future?
I have no friends, lost contact with my family, and have never been in a relationship. How am I supposed to recover from that?
and if you are through with that, AND ONLY THEN, go try asphyxiation fapping and tell us about it
go to concerts, try talking to people, pick up a hbby, build stuff you make family and you can make friends. And go get tinder or something, date everything, dont fall for bitches and be humble
how do you start liking yourself? set some goals, and the feeling of progress towards those goals will make you feel better about yourself. as you do this, make sure to not shut yourself in your house all day. any human interaction you can get will be helpful at this point.
took them for a while, made we feel happy all the time, but also "not myself", which is why I decided to not take them anymore. I Only tried the one though, not sure if other pills might have been different.
People just automatically hate me because I'm a social autist and ugly.
I just hope I'll be even stronger and better one year from now. I just wanted to draw a bottom line for my journey so far, sorry for blogpost.
Then improve your social interactions, lookmax, and get fit and be self confident. The last one especially. Fake it til you make it, that's how self confidence works.
I can't stop raw dogging tinder sluts :(
Got a call back while I was driving. Interview next Friday. Only part time (27-29 hours) but $16/hour
The military sucks. However, given the situation you just described I think it would be good for you to join. It sounds like your home life is pretty toxic so breaking out of the cycle you're in will do wonders for you. Pick a job that transfers to civilian life. I promise you that you won't want to make a career in the military.
The loneliness hurts.
Hopefully it's just a little inflammed and gets better in a few weeks, any /fit/ Doctors around, or had experience with this type of shit? Minor but first time I've ever needed a Doctor before and they didn't exactly inspire confidence.
How do you get over not wanting to approach women because you think you are not good enough for them? I feel like this will hold me back forever because I just can't change this mindset.
Put you were a carer on your resume, fuck are they going to do, ring your Dad to double-check? Atleast you'll be able to explain the situation in person.
I seriously developed some inferiority since im 180 cm and im anxiosu to go to the gym anyway to overcome these.
I think you have other issues going on, bro.
yesterday i masturbated for the first, time in five months, today i did it again, why is it so easy to slip
I had a doctor I know tell me that dumping rubbing alcohol on wounds actually isn't a good strategy, it kills the cells trying to heal you. Who knew.
Mirin' your masculinity anon, I'm a worrier. How long were you out of the gym for?
Mein Furher is also /fa/
A-am i gonna make it, guys?
[spoiler]I'm a girl here for /fast/ and /fph/ so I don't use the gym, no.[/spoiler] Anyway it hurt too much to use for a month and a half, now it's 3 months later and totally fine, scar might be permanent though.
Making a diet plan that actually gets all my nutrients is hard too, but I'm making progress.
What's your bodyweught routine ? You're doing great, don't froget it takes time.
Good luck either way bro, hopefully you find something that makes you happy.
As an employer, we literally don't give a shit about anything from your education other than whether you graduated or not and if the degree is relevant.
I tried to do stuff like deadlifts but i can't seem to get the right form with the improvised equipment i've got.
Genuine question because in my field (geology) people give a shit, I know people who are unemployable due to too many unfinished degrees or quitting too quickly in a previous job
just imagine.
I give up on finding a girlfriend. It's my desperation talking right now.
Soon 25, think I have finally grown up, not interested in vidya or movies and shows at all, seems like an utter waste of time even though I used to play vidya quite alot before.Started reading and planning for future, in my best shape of my life, been consistently lifting for nearly a year, traveling and saving money for future, earning about 1200 euros a week which is a months pay where I'm from.
Has here anyone taken a cartinine supplement? I'm in the middle of a big cleanse phase, everything is better but my energy has crashed bros. I am looking for something to improve androgen receptors and shit of that nature. I read that cartinine is great for what I am looking for, but I don't trust the cartinine merchants. It's cheap but is it worth it?
Realizing that you don't need one will inadvertently help your cause. Have you tried Heartiste/Roosh etc?
I recognize that there's a primal part of me that's always hungry for female attention, but I'm starting to think that maybe I should temper that tendency and be more opportunistic when I am seeking romance, and be more restrained overall, instead of trying to be bold. I won't say I'm shy, but I've been less than suave when it comes to women before, and I don't feel good trying to make PUA moves. As for the readings, I haven't read them.
I just hope it hurts my mother enough that she kills herself too.
pls tell me i can still grow after 22, i have been lifting and i had some growth when i was 20-21, can i still keep growing?
This guy gets it. Your late teens/20's aren't your best years. Especially if you're white and/or rich and tall.
this milk is spoiled whenever i say its spoiled
The best revenge is a life well lived.
Yeah bro you're starting to get it. And give Heartiste a read, he used to be less politically focused, but you'll learn alot about evolutionary psychology and how to apply it. It's not PUA so much as learning certain insights and patterns that aren't pleasant. He skips right over Jungian archetype integration phase and just bulldozes you with redpills.
Because you basically have a device that lets you feel as if you've fulfilled your existence with basically the push of a button.
Yeah your reward system is all fucked up if you watch porn. Even getting away from it for a while can help you re-balance.
This is the farthest I've ever gotten, it's been dark times for years.
congrats bro. I hope to start a trade soon or go back to school. Lost almost 100 pounds since last summer and I've been learning so much the last couple years. We are all gonna make it.
100lbs is no joke, if you can do that you have the dedication for anything.
How can I force myself to work? I'm a freelancer (programming) and it's hard to find motivation to go out and look for clients and do work and improve my skills. I have a good 13-14 hours of the day where I'm not doing anything important but I just can't force myself to. How do I get this willpower?
Hospitality, so most of our people are like level and don't need a degree. But our sales team, managers, etc do.
Always remember anons; no matter how bad it is, how dark your night, you can fight, you can make your own fate. We're all gonna make it.
Attempting to learn Latin
I have trouble squatting and in general getting low to the ground. Are there any good stretches or workouts to help with that?
Been going to the gym before work for the last year or so, going to have to be up even earlier now. Well worth it though.
Just lift bro.
I-I've lifted for 8 years, why don't I have a gf Chad?
Because mathematicians don't use your jaw as a reference for geometric shapes.
same with fingers, elbows, knees, toes. is arthritis in my future?

It’s fine faggot
What do you thing yoga is?
Absolute momscience
You're just releasing air bubbles in the joints, there's been absolutely 0 evidence that links arthritis to cracking fingers. The worst that's been suggested is that habitually cracking your knuckles gives you a higher chance of decreased grip strength
>weed, alcohol, fapping, coffee
forgot to type liftan. hehe
sugar, caffeine, and burritos
>the internet
Kratom and caffeine
No hard drugs really
every day i'm in front of my PC for at least 16 hours
Feelingbetterman
Quit smoking one and a half years ago
being a worthless loser with no drive to improve or succeed in life
the internet, being loved, sugar, porn, caffeine thanks to lifting, being lazy, larping as something I am not probably not
>porn and fapping
Idk what it's like but I feel for people hooked on benzo/hero and hope you guys will make it right in the end
Was smoking the hardest to quit ?
easy as fuck
sometimes I wish that the russians would just explode the internet and we'd all be stunned for a year asking ourself, "now what?"
I thought I was a lost case on quitting cigarettes. Tried so many times but never succeeded. Finally quit smoking by switching to vaping, tapering off nicotine over the course of three months, then quitting vaping, too.
How can I get into recreational drugs without getting addicted to them?
4chan.org/rules#global2
cigarettes dont even feel good to me anymore and seriously hinder your lungs
why wouldnt you hit the bong if youre not doing shit
Weed and using some other type of drug 1-2 times a month
Opiates, it’s come to the point where I can never see myself living without them they’re just too good, think of an orgasm body high times 100 that lasts for hours
Started weed at 19 and im 27 and smoking weed still. Dependancy creeps up on you and becomes full blown addiction before you have a chance to collect yourself
Are you addicted to sex, too?
Yea this shit is so cringe
I've only done oxycodone and oxymorphone. Oxycodone is a mediocre experience but oxymorphone is a F I E N D I S H good time
>wasting all the time looking for a porn video and then ritually fapping to it TWICE A DAY is not a dependency that you do to keep you numb/happy
Lmao weed is shit and if you’re addicted to it you’re pathetic Better off doing opiates, safer physically and mentally but you can’t escape that addiction
Are you fucking kidding or what cunt? Safer?
just sips, really.
I do poppy seed tea daily since I’m broke and in uni but that and oxy are my best opi highs, I’d kill to try dilaudid tho, thinking of using Kratom to taper off but I’ll probably go back to poppies again once I’m clean lol
giving the internet to the eastern europeans was a mistake
Opiates are safer in the sense that they can be used daily without bodily harm, they ain’t toxic at all. They don’t seem to hurt mental health and they’re he best antidepressant money can buy plus it kills pain. But they’re not safe in the sense of overdose and addiction obviously but if you’re gonna be smoking weed daily for a decade honestly you’re better off with pills desu
Only sugar, I don't really have an addictive personality.
You’re missing out dudeweed
my 50 year old mother says this and needs her daily coffee, red wine, phone, and vicious pounding
Coffee,affection,attention,water,ch
Also, think about the life of that 32 year old asian doctor. People who devote their lives to working are generally fucking miserable. They wake up tired, go to work tired, come home tired, consume some media while tired, then go to sleep tired. They live their lives unable to combat the pressures from society and they get anxiety from doing anything other than the normal. These people don't think for themselves. This is the reason why your doctor so quickly blurted out the condescending "still?". He didn't think before saying it, he was merely acting as the mouthpiece for what he observed as "normal" throughout society. These are not the people who's opinions you need to concern yourself with.

I prefer my addictions to be mild to major inconveniences, not full blown life altering
It's worth it anon. After sorting my shit out I got 2 degrees, I'm in a steady relationship with a gorgeous latina, and I feel so much better. About to get my 500 dl after this deload. Do it faggot.

I‘m feeling like the outcast here.Why are there so many ppl taking drugs.:/
you will never know how many people around you are actually addicted to altering how their brain sees/feels/exists
Y‘all seem like very sad bois to be honest.
Why not?
She died in her sleep last year
Cause it’s taboo to let others know but drug use is everywhere
because you're probably too judgy or too uncool for these people to befriend you. Just stay the course and enjoy the mainstream addictions like coffee, netflix, cigarettes, alcohol. Weed will probably be mainstream soon enough
Be a real man and have a physical dependence to boot
what are "drugs" to you? There are people getting high off cool hwip as we speak
I've been cycling the same vids and pics for over 10 years. I still fap to things I fapped as a teen. Why would it take that long to find a video? That is more of a hoarder mentality thing which is a mental issue.
Physical dependence is a cakewalk, psychological dependence with anything tho is almost impossible to escape
I want to enjoy playing video games but I just can't.
Oh you're probably a hentai addict right?
I used to drink ~40 units of alcohol a week but now I only drink about 5 a week.
Ou no! This sounds so tragic.Drug adicctions are so avoidable. She could have spent her last years better.
dick suckin, ass eatin, piss drinkin, and cocaine
fuck, im gona take your advice anon, only 20 but i can just see it going down hill from here.
I do fap to hentai but I also use 3d. I still fap to the same or similar vids. That noporn vid that says most people escalate to more intense porn is false. I am a ISTJ(if you believe in that) and real simple person though. I rarely go out of my comfort zone with entertainment, the only time I push my comfort zone and try new things is with real women.
Right now, it's internet and cleaning my ears with a q-tip. Nothing other than that
Personally I think it‘s better to be uncool than spending money on drugs. i‘m okay with that. And I don‘t want to hear like weekly that a friend has passed away thanks to the heavy stuff. I already have enough.
Also this
It would be definitely better for them to make it public and search help.
Weed, coffee, porn, fapping, and most of all our good lord and savior Jesus Christ
summer please go
Stims, amps, alcohol (specifically vodka), psychedelics (only mentally), existential nihilism (which drives me to overcome everything. If everything is meaningless, chosing inaction is the exact same as action, so why not action?), the feeling you get when you are speeding downhill in skates and death sits on your shoulder for the day you fuck up, and open drooling female mouths.
> still thinking about her
I have literally never had an addiction, what the fuck is wrong with me? I'm not saying it's a bad thing, but everyone I know has had issues with something. I can walk away from the internet for days on holiday, I've smoked weed for a month and quit when I ran out..never had any thoughts of picking it back up. Alcohol is shit to me.
Clash royale
Type a fag
Do some benzodiazepines
I feel like I'm on a bad path. But everything in my life is going so well and it's so fun to get fucked up without much reason not to
worse WDs than heroin and cigs combined
if its anything like a workout im inclined to agree with you
Try opiates then talk
>norco/percocet

It’s not at all like a workout lol it’s actually 7 days of unimaginable pain without a wink of sleep and endless restlessness shitting yourself and vomiting but it’s only 7 days long that’s why it’s a cakewalk compared to the psychological addiction which never goes away
I use to when it first came out while I was in high school and castle level 8(was a high level at that time), I remember the Asians wanting to duel me all the time. Royale just makes me EXTREMLY FUCKUNG PISSED OFF I HATE IT. Almost destroyed my iPad plenty of times from raging over a cellphone game lol.
Never said it was good, been off them for 8 months now.
Alcohol, fapping, coffee are the big three.
Yessssss
Tfw you’re in wd rn
I only heard that it was pretty much ok but at a certain point just pay2play.
Bs you wouldn’t have the motiv to post if you were really wding
He'd be sucking a dick for $10 to make the pain stop.
I’ve been taking painkillers for over a decade. I always start off with a pill or two a day. Once I get up to about 3 or 4 10 mg pills of hydro/oxycodone I’ll start tapering down and gradually quit and get clean for a month or two. The withdrawals are so so. Not really that terrible. The worst part for me is trying to be productive at work once I get clean. I love working high
I’ve been using poppy seed tea every day for the last 2 years with a 7 day break every 6 months, my tolerance is fucked I wish I had the will to quit for a month fuck it would kill my tolerance

you are like a baby
Every time I've ever been prescribed oxycodone or hydrocodone it makes me feel like shit. Makes the pain (surgery) go away but replaces it and nausea and just feeling sick. Do you just need to take more to break through? Most I've taken was double the prescribed dose and that was just because I couldn't stand up without wincing.
Not the guy you replied to but it’s probably a good thing that you haven’t had a good opiate experience because once it clicks sooner or later you’re in for a downward spiral, or maybe no matter how much you dose opiates just aren’t for you so count urself lucky nig
I did a hard reset. I’d been clean since late February when my daughter was born, but yesterday I was able to get some. It’s like the first time again
Pathetic
where do you think you are?
You haven’t properly popped your opiate cherry yet. I barfed the first few times, then all good. Similar to smoking where when I started it was awful. Acquired taste like booze
At a chruch.
cringe and bluepilled

1, I procrastinate a bit more than I should
That’s the worst get I have ever witnessed. You a leaf, per chance?
Do you use Suboxone to help with the withdrawal
yikes like niggas just stop doing those things, nigga put the drugs down. How can it be so hard?
thanks mate, just cured myself with this post
Nah and y just a lost and dumb guy.
IM HEALED THANK YOU
fm?ID=70

Nope I use clonozalam (rc benzo) and dxm in withdrawal lol it works for me

Previously alcohol, benzos and cigarettes. Been hospitalized for severe booze detox.
How’d you escape
Is being alone and an introvert an addiction?
I don’t to sound mean or anything but I didn‘t unterstand it.

Autism isn’t an addiction
>nicotine, internet, [spoiler]thinking about her[/spoiler]
>exorcist baby's crawling on the ceiling
Search some friends.
Combination of health scares, working medication, good luck and lots of support.

Disclaimer I'm diagnosed with asperger, so that might be partially a reason why I can't understand addictions.
and those wds were hell
Fapping feels super good, that's the whole point of it. Porn intensify that feeling, which you can build dependecy on. Fight porn, not fapping.
skiing
Food, and doing litteraly nothing.
I’m a pussy I’m addicted to Kratom 40-50g daily for the past 3 years and I’m terrified of the withdrawal, couldn’t imagine what real opiate withdrawal is like. I could quit if I wanted to but I just like the numbness and feeling from it. My tolerance is making me wanna try something like poppy seed tea but I heard it’s absolutely not worth it but it is tempting.
The image is based on the movie train spotting
>loneliness :(
Its easy to get addicted when you try something and you get a rush of euphoria. It’s addicting. Not only that, but it can motivate you to get more work done and be productive. Then you’re relying on a drug for productivity.
Yeah withdrawal from that is so much worse you couldn't imagine.
pr0n, vidya, internet
> Men (no homo)
ce/article/pii/S2215036616001048
tapper down , I've only had 7 or 8 grams today .

Also weed but Im stopping
Free of all other addictions
If your opiate addiction didn't start with long term painkiller prescription you're retarded. At least then you have the excuse that it snuck up on you and didn't realize you were addicted until the script ran out. Anyone dumb enough to just dive in taking shit for fun knowing full well how bad it's going to be deserves it. Have fun sucking dick for heroin and eventually dying to fentanyl.
It's fine bro, I almost killed myself first time I lost my internet gf. Still the only kind of gf I ever had.
Has the sadness gotten better at all? Its been almost a month and a half and i just feel like im getting worse if anything.
Get on tinder bitch
Quest bars are just delicious. I just got a box of those new
tbf only first week was bad, after that I was kinda ok. I also deleted everything related to her and blocked her everywhere so I had nothing to remind me.
Ive thought about it but i feel like there all just on there for a one night fuck.
Nope there’s a decent amount of good hearted qt’s looking for a relationship it’s great for hookups too tho I’d say 40% or girls on tinder are looking for a relationship
Ill give it a try. I just feel like my virgin dick wont be good enough for tinder girls. Sitting on pc and lifting all day wont help anymore tho so fuck it.
> yet I don't actually enjoy anything anymore
fapping.... working on that one though. I also possess a mild addiction to alcohol although that's mostly psychological as I haven't been drinking consistently for long enough to create any physical dependency
Alcohol cigarettes
Sugar, weed, coffee
My one and only addiction is the internet. And it’s the one addiction I don’t think I’ll rver be able to break. Been on it every chance I can get for the past 12 years. You think you rage bad when you haven’t fapped for a few days? You haven’t seen me the morning I find out my internet bill isn’t paid
>pking beta's for spades on osrs
>ONIONSLENT
watching 80s wrestling
Internet. Have been severely limiting it and been reading a lot instead.
>I'm about to do chair squats. Do you think you can spot me?
you know that's a guy, anon.
Mirin the back development
Yes, and?
id try and touch him at one point like hah good set bro *caresses back*
am i gay now
Can my face be the chair, please?
(in my pants)
someone please answer
Yeah probably. Wanna cuddle? (no homo)
No. Nothing gay about a cutie doing some chair squats into your lap
I'll be your chair babe

>anon does it look like I'm progressing?
>feel the urge of a thousand suns to tear up those patients and breed this as rough as possible
That’s a man fucking faggot
who's that? a name?

Fiesta fiesta! Pluma pluma gay, pluma pluma gay, pluma pluma pluma gay!
Everyone on /fit is gay. This is a homosexual propaganda forum.
Of course not. As a Platonist, none of this is gay at all.
None of this matters as long as you nut.
How can I achieve this mode as a male?
Be born with baby making hips, make onions your only food, be frutti tutti gay, learn to be wife (male) material by cooking and cleaning, and be a shawtie.
When are mods ever getting rid of this dumbass word filter?
quasi-vegitarian diet with white meat only, cardio, barbell hip thrusts and lunges and wax your body and use lots of lotion, mones if you want to go all the way
S-sure bro
Haha, nice progress bro! *SLAP*
ohjeez
boomer dan will never get trips
¿Marica quien? Marica tú. Marica yo. Marica jaja.
I'll spot you if you spot me later.
would gladly and aggressive drill this little butt slut up the shit hole
>tfw no gymbro with ass like this to playfully slap
>"you have a really bad posture. try training your core more and stretch you glutes and hams daily"
I'm Dirty Dan.
lurk more
How about face squats? By face I mean mine
i am a four chan moderator and im legally disqualified from receiving death penalty
Good to know.
i am a good person to knoow, that is assuming you dont get on my bad side.
this seems like a pretty tall guy, too bad i'm short and my body will always look ridiculous

p sure jesus was gay, i mean look at his long hair
Gay asf desu
so he liked to be spanked?
Do your thing 4chan
we have to find this guy
The gym is Buzzfit in Montreal. Someone just needs to stalk it out.
The deadlifter is like a male feminist
That kid is a faggot and he deserves another kick in the dick for being a beta fag. He literally got kicked in the dick on camera and did nothing. What a fag.
more info in the description cause im a lazy fag
>deadlift mutt sentenced to death for committing hate crime
No fph in the catalog edition




Like old warm rancid ranch dressing?
oly shit that lobster claw foot got me !

Do you use drugs?
That's everything I've done. I'm on minimum 250mg Test E year round and add the others depending on goal. Never done any rec drugs though.
No, you filthy degenerate
I smoke a very little weed to fall asleep when i think of oneitis . Thats about it tho, because THC atrophies the muscles over time
I take Ritalin as a preworkout
I use Nyquil to ensure I get a healthy 8 hours every night, then coffee/Monster in the morning for a caffeine boost. My liver is probably going to give up before I reach the age of 35.
You must look like a Simpsons character now. Lmao enjoy liver failure.

This is me. Post your pic you twink.
Sometimes. I like to experiment with different substances, so far. Mdma, ghb, xanax, valium, amphetamines, weed. I dont see what the big deal is as long as you dont ruin your life by taking them daily. If you have enough will power to keep to a diet and routine to get fit then you have more than enough self control to be able to handle few drugs every now and then.
Lol. Every drug addict says this.
I havent done any for months, some addict kek.
Just so you know, liver failure is among the top most painful deaths a human can experience. They can't even give you painkillers at the hospital when your liver fails and you slowly die. Enjoy it!
>implying short oral steroid cycles are anymore dangerous to your liver than normies binge drinking every friday and saturday
Only lsd, the true /fitlit/ recreational drug
lmao thats like saying binging on energy drinks is more damaging to your brain nerves than fucking meth. I hope you were/are taking TUDCA during your oral cycle.
everything in moderation
Yes. Alcohol,Weed, Kratom and Psychedelics about one time in 3 Months.
If you dont have a 4 week break between Molly Sessions you will get brain damage
>what is injectable morphine
1g TUDCA a night on orals, 250mg a night year round. I know what I'm doing. Bloods still perfect.
>steroids are the devil you idiot!!
I'm just saying that taking ANY orals and especially 3 different orals at the same time WITHOUT TUDCA is fucking retarded.
Oh maybe I should clarify, didn't take them all at the same time. I run them for 4 weeks then take 4-8 weeks off.
Well i’m showing no signs of it thus far.
Brain Damage is probably not the right term for long lasting serotonin lack but I agree that this is a dumb idea. In Comparision the withdrawal from weaker opiods like codein is emotionally much easier then the zero serotonin feeling if you really overdo it. This is obviously also a question of dosage.
I've been sober since new years day not had a drop of alcohol but new years eve i had a massive joint a bottle of whiskey and a gram of mandy. I got so paranoid at the house party i was at that i decided to bolt and sprint all the way home. Haven't done anything since.
It depends also how well you deal with depression from serotonin depletion and since iv encountered it quite frequently without drugs, inducing it via drugs isnt too bad since I already having coping mechanisms in place already.
I used to drink and injected weed a couple times, but that's it.
youre probably some dumb cunt that doesnt uses his brain anyway so you dont even realize it
I wish I had brain damage. Ignorance is bliss.
So am i the only guy who never feels any comedowns from mdma? Quite the opposite i always feel happy for a week or two after mdma.
You know how joe rogan can carry a coherent conversation for a while then either suddenly or gradually spirales down some bullshit tangential rabbithole? Thats cause his heads been fucked by too many drugs
Nigga you retarded
Yes weed does that to me too. But when you quit smoking weed you return to normal.
And hows that going. Regrets? Pros/cons of using drugs?
go LARP somewhere else dyel
In my humble opinion, processed sugar is a drug in itself. It has a comparable dopamine rush and has been scientifically proven to be more addictive than cocaine (I can personally verify this).
Ive tried pot ok
addicts DO say this, but so do functional users. Personally i use drugs as a social crutch but im hoping to eliminate the need for that very soon
been clean for about 2 months now (probably 2 and a half) unless you count l theanine
If i had the money i'd be on acid 24/7
in terms of peds, did one test cycle stacked with dbol and am currently using lgd-4033
> t. masters engineering student who's friends all do the same thing
Probably damaged some parts of your brain, you will see the symptoms in a few years
*functional drug addicts
I took that shit once to stay up for the McGregor VS Mayweather fight. That shit is strong as fuck , turn it down dude. Stick to vitamin B12 and coffein
Makes sense
I do coke about once every 6-8 weeks on average. Thus far zero issues other than crippling hangovers. Occasional cocaine use is pretty much completely fine if you're otherwise in good health.
and some vitamin for my joints (arthritis)
I don't use drugs because I'm a winner.
Everything else has just been a shitty experience.
Only energy drinks, and some alcohol every 2-3 weeks.
Just take a lower dose
Cope, also you watch anime which automatically places you in the lower rung of society
disappointed
Smoke dank every fucking day, brah. I also box and play soccer interchangeably 6 times a week.
dma_humor_chick_parody1.pdf
Who /psychedelics/ here?
I'm a childless single man who masturbates to anime. So what? I still got Trump elected.
You didn't, disgruntled workers did. You're a loser all the same.
Nigga energy drinks literally eat at your insides you fucking retard. My old boss has holes in his brain and intestines from drinking nothing but monster in his teens.
Besides booze, coffeine and nicotine i said bye bye to drugs.
Can anyone give me some insight on how Adderall effects weight? I was put on it recently and dropped quite a bit of weight, I’m definitely happy with that and want to keep going but suddenly I’m at a standstill in weight change.
I do acid every three months, it gives me a new perspective on shit and is just outright interesting also gives me an amazing mind muscle connection
Did you quit because you feel like you have so much to learn from that experience or did it just scare you from psychedelics? also cute pepe :^)
3 days /noweed/ because I was just on a family vacation. I have a monster nug in my room but I honestly want to save it for special occasions (girls) now that I'm falling asleep weedfree
Quit booze altogether after my first trip and I have more fun now going out than I used to getting shitfaced. Plus it massively improved my life
This will be enough for me to think about for the next couple of years :)
My experience was similar to this except I was on LSD. I kept seeing a dark circle in my mind's eye that must've represented nirvana, and that I got the feeling that the end-goal for me was to get fully absolved from the flesh by taking transcendental actions, but I can't exactly seem to figure out this vision I had just yet. I also received a vision of how suicide as an attempt to get out of this cycle is cheating and will lead to punishment (unless it's willing starvation and total submission). To add to this, I googled this vision of suicide and hinduism had a remarkably similar concept/stance called ''Prayopavesa''. LSD is such a freaky yet truly a marvelous and humbling experience.
same lol
dude you're making your tolerance go sky high
Can't see anything really fitting in with a competing /fit/ lifestyle but as a casual gymgoer I don't see an issue. The only addiction in my life I have to wrestle with is wanking.
Weed, cigs, alcohol, caffeine, prescription ssri, xans, coke
I got a blood test back and it says that I consume too much creatine and brotein which is going to give me kidney/liver damage. But I think my doc is just a hater
>MK 677 for funsies
Do you work on Wall Street?
You have anime in ur post so take this fucking L
But do you have a job tho?
Yeah, I'm mostly hippie and love Psychedelics. Dental Technician is my career so I try to be careful with the the MDMA, heard horror story but never had a terrible experience.
I lost the urge to use drugs when I started lifting
Used phenibut today. Had a lot of great convos. But it led to a lack of mindfulness in the evening. I use microdoses occasionally, but it also leads to a lack of mindfulness. I have to say, mindfulness has been proven through experience to trump all drugs.
the effects take years to show themselves. but if you dont believe it go ahead and keep taking it. not my problem.
I used to but then I grew up


These days I have trouble concentrating on anything without stimulation. I use Adderall to cope and still masturbate like 1-5 times a day depending on how busy I am.
None. Smoked the electric lettuce multiple times before, but I don't use anything. Literally no reason to, plus that shit costs money.
Does diet soda affect your gains? Are there negative repercussions to drinking it? Seems too good to be true
lol i dont know ask the misc
bad for teeth
unless you're going big lennymode
Gut flora problems = insulin sensitivity decreased = less gains.

tastes like shit
People used to drink normal coke and coffee with sugar in past and obesity was very rare.
t. former fat ass that tried to switch from pepsi to diet pepsi and kept relapsing because healthy food tasted bland
>insulin sensitivity increased = less gains
Don't ever quote me again faggot.
argument your reasoning retard
NIGGAS IFFY UH BLICKY GOT THE STIFFY UH
Bloat approves
Why are you here?
ANSWER HIM
No friends, finished lifting
holy shit tom hardy was an absolute beast that movie. h u g e
also i slept like shit
Work tomorrow at 7 :)
>t. 28 yo boomer
Its my Monday
Because I'm going out tomorrow
Bored as fuck at work, and we're slow.
Because I failed my exam today and as recompense, I am staying in to study and meal prep for my weekend lift sessions
I'm going to the bar after my mom comes home, would like to greet her and discuss her day before being a drunkard worthless son.
This summer is fucking my lifting so hard I can’t even
might get out and hit my plug for some weed. Got some liquor will smoke and drink till I pass out
I'm a loser
What would you think of a 5/10 girl who decided to pursue you like close to obsessively but not obsessively? Also do autists make the first move to girls they like?
Cause I just got home from the gym/getting groceries and i'm on the toilet
I would date her. I think average obsessive girls are endearing
it's not Friday night
Because I'm not shredded yet
You will never make it if you're a stoner
Where do I go as a 29yo Straight Edge Nignog Boomer?

cuz I work in the morning. Fuck off you don't know me
plus i'm pretty tired anyway, it's not like i want to have a good time with someone
friends were busy w family stuff. It's okay, I can workout a bit then play vidya
Got out of gym and it's a Fucking thunderstorm
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
to get dubs
check em
Pretty much my only friends that I go out drinking with are my friends at college, and I'm not at college now so I'm at home shitposting on the internet
Still working here but it's hell and now I understand I have to move on. I can't advance here.
I have to work tomorrow Bane
>no gf
I'm drunk alone and scared. Why else?
>RIP gains
I'm an obese NEET living in the middle of small town USA. I gotta fucking change, man.
Nothing better to do.
Just to suffer?
I want to fucking kill myself
feelsgoodman.jpg
Normies get off my board
Anon, pls, come to the beach with me.
my nigga
Literally at a club in the city. Tbh I’d rather be home.
fucking normie
https://www.strawpoll.me/16207380
Anterior pelvic tilt butt with no muscle
English, plz
lmao google it you fucking dunce
The OP butt looks a lot more like the right ones in your image
whats the point of lifting heavy and getting thicc and juicy when twinks out there are swinging long as fuck dicks?

and they say white guys cant have big dicks
Can you lose fat eating carbs? I'm on a cut rn and at a caloric deficit but i eat pasta and shit
Yes. Just be sure that your calories in < your calories out. Generally with a cut you want to eat pasta / breads / cakes / etc sparingly because they're calorie barges with minimal micronutrients. So long as you get enough protein to repair your skeletal muscles though, you should be good anon.
Are you retarded?
I went on a 2500 calorie cut. 1500 calories came from a burger joint where I got a milkshake, fried, and burger. I lost the weight I needed and retained plenty of muscle. Retards need to stop thinking carbs are bad. You need them for energy in the gym for a quality workout. You will also burn too much muscle when you're carb depleted in a hard workout. You're a retard.
Mods need to mass ban ketards already.
Thoughts?
No. Stop it.
Poison
Inferior.
cancer
Thanks guys today i drink that shit with my empty stomach and now it hurts like hell
I hate brand and their LGBT agenda more than the sugar and canned cancer that it actually is.
It has no health effect on the mind if Trump and Strzok drinks it, both in high level position.

endorsements mate
It’s like a drug for me, I love the taste but I know how bad it is
great mid workout, don't listen to those cucks.
as a european not sure if joking
I hate all of you fuckers. You have the fucking CHOICE to not consume sugar and you STILL DO. I have type 1 diabetes and I would fucking kill a man to not have to eat sugar daily anymore. It's a fucking curse.
I hate the taste and it's bad for you
Based. Sugar and Co2 is good for metabolism.
Delicious. I don't taste the difference between HFCS and sugar Cokes though.
It's 90% water, so you can drink 2L a day and stay hydrated
It's OK like once every few weeks. Otherwise throw that shit away.
>Face of pain and regret while drinking.
Also people are caffeine addicts and they prefer to consume it drinking it instead of buying caffeine pills. Also for social and cultural reasons.
Drink more water buddeh
I used to 5 sets but I recently narrowed it down to 3
depends on how big the sets are
>10 sets of squats
I only do BSS but I'll do usually 4-5x8-10 and maybe a set or two of 3 reps
Then I'll do 5 x 5 or 3 x 5 depending on how tired I am.
Either 5x5 or 3x8, depends on session.
> t. Fat ss muh 3 sets schmuck
Fuck those sessions were absolutely horrible. Used to involuntarily scream the gym down. Thankfully I've reached my goal quad size and won't be increasing them in size again. All I do now is maintain size on them with a TM model, and if my squat increases that's an added bonus.
>leg day

I’ve done 10 ramping sets of 3. Usually keep it around 8 though if I’m doing triples
mixed girl pls gib..
4 (four)
>t. fatty with shit work capacity&cardio
Can I just stick to my 500-700 calorie deficit until I finish my cut or will I stall without doing any of the above?
Did I fuck up?
And yes i'm that retarded.
Get new running shoes if you havent already and keep running
They're optional. Don't do them if you can handle it though
My family picked me up 2 burgers from this joint down the road, they make quality food because we live in Amish land so they get everything fresh. But good damn it has to have fucked me up so I'm probably gonna only eat like 500 Cal today instead of 1500.
Thanks dude
Weigh the major components (ie the patty) and guesstimate the rest. It’s not an exact science so it is better to round up than down for the purposes of cutting.
Is losing 1.5 lbs a week considered too fast for a cut?
How do I eat a hard boiled egg? I literally started eating eggs a couple weeks ago. So far my strategy has been to tap them against the plate and peeling off the shards before stuffing the eggs into my mouth but it doesn't seem optimal.
>deadlift: 97.5 kg (215 lbs)
Crack them open with a spoon and scoop out the good stuff.
Will do
My forearms always tire out first when doing barbell rows. Is this normal? I've only been doing rows for about a month and I can't do a pull up. How long until it feels like rows are working my back?
if i wanted to discuss boxing (not the professional sport but participating in it) is the right board?
Do them light and focus on form first. It'll take time for your joints to adapt.
I got prescribed adipex to assist in weight management, I'm 5'11" and 240lbs. Anyone have experience with it? Suppressing hunger is great, total cheat code to lower calorie intake then I can continue to hit the gym to work on health/muscle.
Anybody have any experience with weighted vests? Pros/cons
Eat less you pathetic human
Sup guys. I lift 3 days a week, run 3 days a way, and rest on Sunday (Well I do some mobility and yoga but nothing really taxing on the muscle). I added some heavy bag drill for 14 minutes (of actual work) five days a week. Is it too much guys?
Bumpadump
Make sure your wraps are good, wrist injuries are complete gains goblins. It's probably fine, I used to hit the bag as a warm up on lift days.
Why is my left thumb really weak?
Thanks!
Knuckles are a technique/use thing. They'll build up as you get more used to striking. Make sure that you're hitting with your index and middle knuckles and not canting your fist in the wrong direction. 14 mins of bag work is a lot more strenuous than it sounds, but I don't think you're really overtraining. Listen to your body and monitor your progress, you'll figure it out.
Does eating a pickle while fasting count as breaking the fast? Since it's 0 Calories?
how do i fix my anterior pelvic tilt
When should you throw creatine out? Mine is past the date, and there are some clumps building up. Are there any dangers if I consume it? Is it still edible?
N of 1, and purely anecdotal, but they don't seem necessary for me, and were even counterproductive.
The Reg Parks beginner plan lists "wrist work" and "calve work". What counts as good for those, that you can do at home without hurting yourself or buying equipment?
Depends on how much fat you have to begin with. If your fat can't supply enough calories to cover the deficit, your body will eat up muscles instead.
You don't really have one though. The picture doesn't make it crystal clear anyway. But as other anon told you in the other thread, work on your glutes and (lover) abs with leg raises. Also, and maybe more importantly, always be self conscious of your posture, that way you'll learn the correct way to walk/stand.
Does row machine activate calves more than running? I know that rowing is better for cardio in general, but I also feel a heavier load in my legs more than when I'm running. Naturally, from being on /fit/ I've become paranoid about my legs falling behind my upper body, despite the fact that my legs are stronger than the rest of my body, so I've started rowing instead of running.
Last few times after deadlifting I get some pain here (Pic related) in my left arm. Fucks up my bench which I do afterwards. Anyone else also had this and got any tips on what to do to prevent it?
Hey frens, 14 year old brother wants to start going to gym. Hes about 5'7 and 165 pounds (yes hes fat). Any routine suggestions? He doesn't do any sports so isn't training for anything specific
Read the fucking sticky. If he wants to lose weight all he needs to do is eat less. If he's doing that and still wants to work out, just get him doing compound shit. Squats bench row the first day, squats OHP deadlift the second.
Pic related, don't have a frontal one on hand.
How can I tell if I'm "strong" yet? Is 40kg 3x10 low row decent? I can crank out 60kg 3x10 on adduction and abduction and that's almost the entire stack of weight. Is 110kg deadlift good? There must be some kind of infograph on this shit.
I enjoy running, but my one of my feet faces more outward due to where the shin connects to the ankle. When I'm running, should I be more focused on keeping that foot forward or keeping my knee forward?
It's more than I DL, so yes.
hey guys, does this "lines", below the chest are linked to fat percentage like abs or what, because i see some skellys with this ( and i want those lines really bad)
Prob both fat % and the muscles there
So I've been cutting enough to where I should be losing 2 lbs per week. Been doing this for about 3 months and the scale hasn't budged. What gives? I lift as well, but I barely do cardio.
Either you're lying, you're counting wrong, your scales are broken, or your TDEE is lower than you think it is.
Your grip is probably too weak. Try to use straps and see if that makes the pain go away
standards
Wow I'm weak. Thanks man.
Would adding HIIT to a bulk make it harder or would the increased HGH make it easier
What is your favorite protein supplement? I know protein supplements are fucking gross but it's really easy for weight loss being able to drink a protein fruit smoothie.
as an endomorph/softgainer faggot, am i in for a bad time and should i just stick to low carb or are we all gonna make it?
We're not all gonna make it, 'cuz it takes time and dedication. The endomorph/ectomorph/mesomorph thing is mostly bullshit though. There are body types, in terms of shoulder/hips size (the bones I mean) but everyone can loose fat and everyone can gain muscle.
trying to go all out on carbs n cut fat wont improve my muscle gain or workout?
end me pls.

No, for general muscle loss, as well as muscle gain, only prot intake really matters. It's different when you go under 8-10%, but you're not there. Low carb, low fat, it's just a matter of preference and tolerance, there's no miracle diet. Avoid food with high IG and free sugar (basically all processed food, snickers bars, bottled fruit juice) but it's just for hunger management. In the end if you eat a a deficit you'll loose weight. The deficit should not be too important thought, if you wanna gain muscle. Something like 300Kcal deficit, give or take.
When cutting, is it ok to finish eating for the day if you've hit your protein goal but you're still a few hundred calories below your calorie goal? Let's say you're aiming for a 500 calorie deficit but you end up getting enough protein with a 1000 calorie deficit. Would you lose muscle that way?
I can't do bodyweight squats while pretending I'm holding a bar on my upper back, but I can easily do bodyweight squat while keep my arms in front of me and while rounding my upper back. Is this normal and will having an actual bar on my upper back fix this (i.e. is this just some balance thing), or is there some deeper issue?
Depends on the numbers. Imagine a really big athlete with a maintenance of 5000kcals. For him it'd be ok. But for most of us, having a deficit of 1000kcals will make us go too low under the TDEE or even BMR, and start the muscle loss path (or, well, increase it). Obviously it's not on one occurrence that you'll loose al your muscles, but it adds up...
Man up.
The point was to make sure if that's the problem.
Take whichever and just chug it down. If it tastes like shit just mix it with milk instead of water
They seem to be better than bar weights and traditional weights, they are specific for muscle groups, help with safe controlled movements and are easily adjusted.
I'm about to finish the loading phase for creatine. Is there a specific time of day I should take my 5g on maintenance?
you can use them for assistance exercises, but you should still be doing compound lifts
Machines are absolute trash, read the fucking sticky.
The foam grips of this are starting to wear down and flake. Should I just tape them?
Why am I stronger at decline bench than flat bench?
I rowed in college and my calves would always be way more tired from running than rowing. I guess it's possible that was only because we did way more rowing than running and I just wasn't used to running, but I don't think rowing is going to do all that much for your calves.
is this routine ok?
dis cord (dot) gg / Dzj9HkQ
fuck the fuck off you fuck

Calorie deficiency eating is a boomer meme, your body adapts to it quickly by lowering your base metabolism.
Muscle wasting begins around 5% body fat. It's not a concern.
Yes, because it needs less calories to maintain less mass you mong.
Im the only one who feel happier and healthy while bulking than cutting? While cutting i feel worse and with different attitude besides im eating enought fat, is this normal ? should i be different or is normal?
My left thigh in particular feels tight after squatting
This is one of those things where if you're too ignorant to figure it out on your own, you see your doctor and have them prescribe you a diet.
#2 How should I count my caloric intake for a 1 hour gym session (muscle mass) and then Krav Maga lessons?
I have been eating around 800-1200 calories today, and I have a job where I am physically active for a majority of the day. I find myself being lightheaded a lot. Right now I am 225 cut down from 290 at 6’2, do you think I have been cutting too hard and that’s why I am getting lightheaded? I don’t think it is because I have been doing this since April, and I think i would have been lightheaded the whole time, also I play club sports at uni so i don’t think it is the working out. Any ideas as to why I have been expiriancing this?
Why are accessories 3x8 or 3x12, why not 5x5 to get the numbers up like the big 4?
With a 700 calorie deficit and 1.2-1.3 grams of protein per pound of lean body weight, will a skinnyfat beginner build muscle while cutting?
Krav classes are mostly cardio/conditioning. If you're spacing them out 9-10 hours within the day, you should be fine.
Which accesories should I add, and are there any therapy exercises for my knee?
its frustrating to feel like you could do more but its just a waste of time
always add pull ups and dips
No shit that's why I'm on it.

the ones near my scrotum are like big red craters :'(
I'll come back when I've made it.
I've only recently started lifting. Doing 5x5. Started with a 100kg DL. Though I'm 6"4, might have something to do with it.
Should I be doing something else (other than killing myself) or do I continue with it?
Pls halp.
What about for the knee?
How fucking stupid am I for doing this on a 300 surplus (only eating 2600 calories).
How many days have you been working out, now, kiddo?
Switched over to that when I started bulking last month and my lifts finally fucking went up by at least 20 lbs. I just spend so much time in the gym now and I'm pretty gassed by the end of it all.
And yeah I'm pretty sure my lifts would have went up even if I stayed on PPL, I just kept hearing good things about that routine so I wanted to try it out
What the fuck did I do? I think it might be anxiety. I cant keep living like this
Is this the appropriate board to talk about martial arts? /asp/ only jerks off to WWE, and I dont know what other board to go to?
anything to do about it? like once I get more muscle it fills up or what
How much protein for a sedentary office worker? Is 1g/pound ok? Or .75?
Trying to get my doctor to check my T levels tommorrow. Anything I should know ? Listed my slightly exagerated symptoms and am gonna ask for a "Male Comprehensive Hormone Panel". Not trying to score free T just wanna know if it's lower than average so I can fix it if so.
I know it means a very small amount, but is it so small it doesn't cause allergy or is picked up by the body?
apparently if you stop fapping for long periods of time you can double your T levels consistently. try to have sex multiple times with as many women. more new women = slight boost in test.
What to do?
holy shit this whole time all these ppl were getting boosted up while I sat around drinking water like a sucker.
Boxing and other combat sports are not discussed really often here. Depending on what you want, /k/ might be your place. Maybe /sp/ too ? I dunno, it seems logic but I never go there.
Is cutting + HIIT enough to get rid of lower belly fat / love handles ?
what do you wanna discuss anon? former amateur boxer here
Dunno if you mean "fucked" as in pain or tightness, but either way, stretch your calves.
o2PDmL0E
Thanks for the info mate
Shit, forgot to ask, how long does it take for them to go away ? Wasn't it like 6 months or some shit ?
Do I have DYEL shoulders? 31/F been lifting 4 months
flex with arms upright showing back, you won;t be able to selfie ask someone else
Is it more difficult to get sore in the back/lats? i always sore in my hamstring, thigh,front delt and chest but not the back
depends what youre working on, are you doing back extensions?
Should I skip tomorrow's workout if I plan to go out drinking tomorrow night?
4x10 each
Am I going to make it?
we're all gonna make it
When the winter comes around I’ll likely step into a gym to balance it out, but at the moment it’s subtle and postures looks good
Strained groin on Monday, stayed off it since.. still a bit tender but getting there, going to stop squats/legs until it feels better but do you guys think deadlifting would still be ok?
yes muscular imbalance is bad. unless you're untrained (which it sounds like you are) having more development from weight training on one side will harm you long term.
How much protein do I need after a workout? I usually stick to 50g, I'm 155lb.
yes, but swap OHP and BO row, add pull ups on A
How much protein total you need in one day well you can google that.

So I better stick to 50g?
great site thanks
But there's no harm in consuming more than you need.

what was that meme here that was like shiggy at the boneyard or some shit?
Fix your posture. You're hunching your back. Start lifting
how to best stretch triceps? arm over head does nothing for me
You need some griP GaiNz
Is there a difference between overhand, underhand and mixed grip for barbell rows?
Has Rippetoe or anyone experienced or addressed this issue?
What's some good grip work? I need straps for my working set for deadlifts because my grip gives out after 2-3 reps
Wtf I know I'm cutting but is my recovery THAT bad that I can't recover from just 4 exercises? Do I need to eat more protein or what?
Absorption is just how much gets absorbed by your body over an hour and that depends on the type of protein.
I always do when I go drinking so yeah, probably, unless you can manage it
Going to a gym with a friend for the first time later what should I expect?
st-steroids?
Thoughts on pic-related
when tbar row my thighs are more fatigue than my arm and back. why the fuck
He looks like a guy who accidentally sharted himself in a board meeting, and now he's trying to find the right opportunity to excuse himself.
Unironically way better for you than conventional diddy.
Coffee's not bad, right?
Have i made good progression?
Nigger you havn't even touched a weight.
This realy pisses me off
I am doing a split. Worked out chest very hard 3 days ago. Still soar, should I just go and hit it again or wait for full recovery and do cardio and some other things today?
I asked this yesterday but it was at the end of the thread. I just found out my wife is pregnant a few days ago - does anyone know of good resources on pregnancy nutrition? She's pretty thin and I worry about her freaking out about the weight gain. I was hoping to find some good, science backed stuff she could read.
I have more arm and pectoral muscles than I did a year ago, but I still burn out on pushups very quickly. For example, I can do 15 with very good form but any more than that and my arms will BURN and I just can't do any more. With proper breaks I can do sets of 15, but I'm wondering how the hell people can do 50 good form pushups in a fucking row? I could do like 100 with shitty/cheating form but they're useless.
He looks like a gym teacher who caught you running on the cement in grade school and is about to take out his anger at being cucked by a black man.
How is anyone supposed to judge progress from a single photo? You shouldn't focus on anything, you should train your whole body.
I just met 5x5 bench at my current PR while on a cut. Can I get some love?
Poorfag skelly who new to gym stuff. Sorry if this is stupid. Is powdered milk okay for GOMAD?
How do I cure this?
With a back on your back and actual weight on it will be even worse. You should be able to do a good bw squat (without front hands) before trying a loaded squat.
>powdered milk
t. multiple decade consumer of hard boiled eggs.
Would it be possible to literally live off this or would you be fucking up?
You would turn your blood acidic and destroy your bones and kidneys, among other things.
I'm scared lads. What could the problem be?
you'd be fine. you would need to include fruit and veg to get a some vitamins and fibre but that is all. the eggs have a lot of nutrients in them than most people often realise.
Should i bulk on 13% BF?
Get a girlfriend.
You've never scooped out a boiled egg in an egg cup? lad...
Is lowering the weight & increasing volume good enough for hypertrophy? Or do I need to start a new intermediate routine with different movements?
Would planks and situps be a good back/core workout?
For GSLP if I miss reps do I deload by 10% or try again the next time or next 2 times?
is 1/2/3/4 achievable after 6 months on phraks gslp?
Ok. I know what I'm having for breakfast Saturday.
that’s what i’ve been aiming for.

Where can I find Greg Everrets newest edition of the oly lifting book? I can only find links for the second edition. Can someone help?
gaining muscles and losing belly at the same time is too counteractive to me
I'm new to running and today it is 95 degrees Fahrenheit before I have even had breakfast what are some tips for running in the heat
stop being a weeb that’ll help
Honestly? Don't. You'll likely just burn and out and be left dehydrated and with subpar gains. Leave it until late at night if you can, or very early in the morning. My later than 10pm and earlier than 5am runs are always my best in terms of performance.
If there was ever a post that doesn't deserve it's own thread, this one is it.
>mfw I am that Anon
If you're not punching through walls and crushing concrete with your fingers at 3 weeks you may as well quit.
Does anyone have that pic of that dude planking and his ass is out of this world? He's wearing black and blue tights, I want to show it to my gal pal to show her what i want my ass to look like
if your ass doesn't look like this, whats the fucking point
pls respond
Wrestling is like creatine
And now I went from 165lb to 155lb, I haven't been this light in a long ass time, I'm a manlet so is this weight good enough? Maybe I should go to 150lb? I did notice that my strength kind of decreased-- I can still lift heavy, but maybe not much reps, it really feels like not having mass fucks up my lifts.
Thank you fit!
How to lose as little muscle as possible during cut? No memeing please.
Cut then bulk fatty
Get an egg slicer and put it on bread with mayo.
Have been working out for a couple of weeks and my arms are getting a little bigger but my wrists are tiny as shit. What exercises are good for your wrists?
non-meme answers appreciated
Build a strength base first. Benching a set of 12 with 1pl8 will grow you less than benching a set of 12 with 2pl8s. It's absolutely retarded to ignore compounds as a beginner, a very typical trap many fall for and never look aesthetic even after years of training because "getting that sick burn" only does so much when you're moving baby weights to obtain it
Am I going to be salvageable without loose skin? I want to get back into my highschool condition, but I would rather be fat the rest of my life than have loose skin. I can handle the cutting just fine, I am just worried about my skin.
loose skin is mostly genetics. Just cut and if it looks bad bulk back to fat again. Lift either way, builtfat still looks good
Wrist curls, wrist extensions, and farmers walks. However, if you have shitty forearm/wrist genetics, it's not gonna make a massive difference. Also, if you've only been lifting for a couple of weeks, give it some time before you start doing forearm isolations. When I started lifting, my forearms got bigger just because I started lifting.
How should I use this shit? All day everyday until failure?

As allergic wise, it depends on the sensitivity.
You probably are not lifting heavy enough. Your workout plan should be simple and last between 45m and 1h so you can have a high intensity workout, but also needs to tire you.
Yes. Anything you are sitting there doing nothing start using it.
Do you feel hungry or just lightheaded?
I don't like the foam, so I removed from mine. But if you like it, do as you wish.
What are straps for front squats called? I've searched for wrist straps in an online store but they don't look like I can attach them to the bar to front squat with.
Thank you
What can I do to make sure I'm still working out my upper body in the meantime? Tons of isolations?
would calisthenics be enough to achieve this mode?
is that too much? i feel amazing mentally
>Calf raise 3x8
How do I keep my willpower in order not to look at chicks? I've started going to the gym monday and I was pretty happy with my progress, especially on treadmill but today a hot chick kept looking at me while I was doing my series after she called me for help unlock the seat of some machine. When I finally went to the treadmill at the end of my series she went to one of that bikes that you need to keep your ass up all times which was right in front of me. I took 1:30m+ to finish my daily run because of that. I just wanted to focus on my series while I still don't really know how to execute the moves perfectly.
I know I won't have the proper form and I don't want to embarrass myself in the gym.
Leg press is a meme exercise but other than that yeah this would be fine
What's a good alternative, then? Weighted lunges?

How - if at all - should I incorporate caffeine pills into my fat loss routine? I'm currently eating next to nothing, doings lots of cardio, body weight, and resistance work outs. Not even fat, I'm 5"11 and 180ish pounds, just want to lose this fucking belly fat.
5'8 fat manlet want to lose weight and compensate for height by having a nice looking body. Just focus on burning fat for now or try to combine burning fat and muscle growth while still 50 or so lbs overweight?
QUESTION: Is squatting heavy 3x per week too little recovery for lifting on a large caloric deficit? Should I start alternating front and back squats, or move onto something like a PPL split?
Any barbell exercise for side delts that are not upright rows?
i went from 240 to 175 at 6 tall and i dont have loose skin
fuck her
I'm fat as fuck and she was probably mocking me.

Im on a keto diet. Any reason why 3 strips of bacon, 5 eggs, and half an avocado would spike my insulin? Just trying to learn what to avoid to stay in ketosis
Thanks!
That's a soft-boiled egg
Is this legiit? Might give it a try for a few months.
Wow this is pretty much exactly what I do.
How do you big guys eat so much?
Because protein = insulin spike
depends on genetics and diet
this is correct

you don't necessarily need to be increasing weight on your accessories, if all your main lifts are still improving, but there's no harm in mixing up your set/rep numbers
Why are accessories usually 3x8 or 3x12, why not 5x5 to get the numbers up like the big 4?
Whey protein causes a greater insulin spike than white bread. Do some research before opening your dumb fucking mouth.
How is PPL supposed to be programmed? Is it just one set of PPL three days per week or are you supposed to do it PPLPPL 6 days per week? Or hell, even just PPLP to get both bench and military press at least once per week?
Inb4 "bulk, faggot". I prefer cutting down then lean bulking. No use in putting on muscle I can't see.
Shit i dunno.
That statement sounds memey can I get confirmation on this
ive been doing a lot of cardio, but i heard running is bad for joints
Same for technique. I want it to be perfect but I'm not sure how to notice it myself without recording myself with a camera.
That's what I'm saying you fucking stupid asshole.
Guys cmon
swimming
If you REALLY wanted to get that extra inch off your hips, try out PSMF. It's pretty solid for taking a pound or two off that's not just water weight
I'm gay and I always worry about getting a boner in the locker room/showers. How much of a non-issue is it?
I should add that just being naked and exposed gives me boners so it's almost inevitable.
Is there some kind of C25K for rowing? I can't run too good and need some cardio in my life that won't fuck my knees.
How do I get big arms
Usually it's PPLxPPLx or PPLPPLx. From experience, I'd say it's best to just add strict press after you bench and shoot for high volume. I brought mine from 165 to 190 on Candytoe's 6 week in one cycle, using it as an accessory lift with high rep pyramid sets
The last two sets are killing me and I'm only squatting 170 lb.
Also read the sticky
So the reason why all the PPL splits online keep giving you 8 exercises to do (3-4 of which are bicep/tricep isolation variants) is because they're curlbros?
P-pls help
PPL is just the bew brosplit
How do I fix my gut flora so I can take solid shits?
I'm usually against vegan nonsense but megadose on probiotics everyday and avoid spicy food. My flora got fucked back in Feb and I wasn't able to take a solid shit for almost 2 months.
When I do squats my arms get numb especially in my fingertips. What am I doing wrong and how can I fix it?
what are withdrawals
Not really /fit/ related but you guys know better than r9k. This qt 3.14 I talked to on bumble gave me her number and wants a date on Sunday. She's way out of my league in my opinion. Haven't actually texted her number yet, should I say something generic like ask about her day or try something else? Keep in my I don't want to fuck and Chuck her she seems wholesome and wife material.
"hows this for a start"
Spotted the incel
Or am I just replacing one bad habit with another?
Are you functionally retarded
Just flat out quit you fucking pussy, actually develop some willpower for a change
fuck you too
Is there a point of going this far on fatloss?
Any food suggestions?
What does this mean?
Is lat pull down and rear delt machines the only ones that aren't memes
there's a chance you've lost weight, but just had a lot of food/water, needed to take a crap or any other way your body holds onto weight
Thanks. So nothing to be concerned about and keep going?
Help me out here fellow /fit/izens
Why would you wanna reduce vascularity
I wouldn't worry, how much time was there between weighings?
since you're still a noob you should still be able to progress but you won't end up going full bloat overlord
not him but depends how hard you're dieting + how much bodyfat you have to lose
About 2 weeks
this is normal rehab for any temp. injury that should work unless you really snapped your shit... may take a week or several weeks but you don't want to be out for months by being stupid.
How do I balance training two martial arts, lifting, work, and reading/writing? I’ll probably have to give something up but has any other anon figured it out?
But, some people advise the "zig-zag" method where there some high calorie days and some low calorie days, but the average is still low... instead of just doing the same low calorie intake everyday.
That fucker is very lean with lots of muscle.
I feel like abs that are too vascular are less aesthetic
what is the exercise called where you squat your hands to the ground, extend your legs into a push up position, and then bounce back into squat position and lift yourself up?
burpee, though usually you do a pushup too
thanks frend
Also, would you recommend stalling some of my lifts so I can get the form down? Will I lose out on noob gains if I do?
Those are literally just the under sides of his pecs. Get a big chest and a get lean.
Should I keep cutting? I'm skinnyfat and I do a small cut (4 weeks) but now I feel skinny plus I don't have enough muscle mass to support the low bodyfat look.
eat a couple of days at your tdee (high carb, low fat) then resume your diet
Can anyone recommend and easy to get into sugarless diet?
If you're using drugs to lose the weight in the first place, how do you expect to keep it off, retard?
no rest days
Why does drinking water makes more hungry? Maybe all this water is expandid my stomach too much so I feel empty after peeing
Should I be following both a program for weights and a program for cardio? Right now my cardio is mostly unstructured, though my work is highly active, average of 7-8 miles walked per day according to my fitbit thing. Since I'm only working two days, I've been doing a weights program on the other days.
Figure out your maintenence calories and eat below them. You won't gain much muscle doing calthisthenics alone, incorporate cardio into your routine to lose the fat and eat plenty of protein. Do what you can to make it to a gym and workout there
Just remember to get plenty of sleep
Since my first cut I've gained a small amount of chest, arms and abs but got a fuckton of legs. Going for an athletic build so really need to lose this belly and ass fat.
I mean 0.75kg per week, by the way.
No you're fucking not. You're just skinny. See a shrink or eat a fucking burger after a workout.
Oh, and my average daily calorie burn is in the realm of 3000 calories, with some days not hitting 2000 and others hitting 4000.
Face to face is always a better conversation and if it went well get another date and then you can start asking about her day and show that you care bit don't be desperate
If you're not 6' minimum, just give up now
jesus christ what a heartless cunt. bet she doesn't even realise how soul crushing that would be to hear
I'm 6'5 and I can guarantee you it is of no benefit at all if you're not at least kind of charismatic and likeable. If you're an unlikable manlet, you'd be an unlikable tall person.
This looks fake but with all bs you get to read on reddit, might as well be true
apparently she said it because he was acting insecure
fucking kek post link
Obvious fake.
>things that never happened
>not posting the full image
Probably false but never show your insecurities to a women.
ed_me_if_we_should_get_a_sperm/
That would literally crush my soul and I would never recover, infact I would instantly divorce I would be so butthurt
t. retard
it's over, time to give up
The post is believable enough faggot, jesus christ stop being such a fucking retard and discuss it hypothetically at least
wow that's some logic there
How can women be so low profile down right mean
it's the estrogen
Wow, absolute state of first world females.
Manlets (especially 5'4) are pathetic but wow this is so fucking cold
Im 5'11. No one has ever told me that im short. Maybe because i know muay thai and am buff. Also no trouble with girls. How many girls there are that are above 5'6 anyway
fucking kek
this fucking hurts to read, but haven't women always been the most judgmental when it comes to sex and status seeking? I read somewhere historically only 40% of males were successful at reproducing. Mother nature is a cold hearted bitch that ruthlessly wields her bludgeon of natural selection. This is one of the hardest red pills to swallow.
Their frames shouldn't be scaled down like that. A 5'10 man will look just as wide as a 6'2 man with the same build as him.
Is it fat or curvy etc.? Let me know.
just fat, but on the good side of being too fat, so you pass. I suggest you consider eating a bit less and moving a bit more
We need more angles
typical roastie body doesnt have to work shit and im jealous for it
She looks like she smokes a lot of weed. This is not a good look.
Nice fuckin blurry ass pic retard lmao, post a better pic THEN i will be able to tell if i will let you get with me. K sweetie?
White trash incest jailbait mode
Why am I on the good side of fat?
flithy disgusting whore body choke her with my toes and Im not even into it
would smash
skinny fat / borderline chubby
Why border line chubby?
Just normal. Not bad at all.
She(you) are fucking average, you need a double bw squat and deadlift.
Ya maybe normal in america lmao
Why isn't it nornal then?
look closer, see the cottage cheese.
thick. looks like most of the fat is going to the thighs and ass.
Where?
Just average or a little bit fit.
7/10. She looks great!
Pretty much my favorite body type. Get her in the gym to tighten up the flab and add muscle to make her ass bigger. Yep... thst the dream alright.
because there's 'yeah she a bit thicc but it's all good' and 'damn she's fat'(which is bad). Obviously there's a threshold where too fat is a dealbreaker, and you're walking the line
Last thread
What percentage of fat people have a problem with binge eating?
FUCK OFF FATTIES
They are trying to get better, how about you fuck off
Some people are just stupid and never learned good nutrition growing up. They're the ones who think buying a salad and putting a gallon of ranch dressing on it is perfectly acceptable.
>people
Doing OMAD diet slowly losing weight and wanting to die less and less every day. Gone from 340 to 277 and am feeling great. I think im going to start going to the gym but I don't want anyone to see my fat ass struggle. Anyone got advice for getting over this?
Everybody else either won't care or will be rooting for you.
i just ordered a pizza lads
cancel it
I have a bunch of loose skin hanging down my chest, belly, and thighs. It does have a little thickness, so there is still some subcutaneous fat to lose, but how am I supposed to get a good estimate for my body fat percentage with a tape measure?
>people
mposition_measurement
Happy Friday anons!!!!! I hope everyone had a great week of Calariorc Deficits and some good running cardio and lifts! Remember to never let others drag you down or hinder your progress, don't let anyone keep you addicted to food. Those days are gone, you are now a better person than those who would try to make you gain weight. Remember anons we are here for you and we are all going to make it!!
I wish I could get DEXA scans done on demand.
I have a problem with binge eating and I have a food addiction. It's really frustrating so I'm here for motivation. I want to lose like 20 lbs at least. We can do it.
This is basically my internal monologue every time I see a guy close to my starting size in the gym.
Finally a proper wojak, thanks man. Down 10lbs in three weeks, we are all gonna make it.
My LORD every time I progress and becoming lighter than before, I binge eat and get right back at the start. Then cut some more, progress a little more, binge back. How the fuck do I escape this vicious cycle?
cant seem to lose more weight though
Thanks Chadanon ill be there with you someday, thanks for the motivation too.
For example, I binge on milk. If I have it in the house, I will drink up to 2 gallons a day. I still need the calcium, so I buy just one gallon a week. if I drink it all over the course of a day or two, that isn't too bad since I probably won't eat much else and I can just compensate with less calories on my other days.
I just found out that my gym has a DEXA machine onsite. Going to ask about the price next visit.
This is me with homo milk. God I love milk.
>i'm 20 days clean and still testing positive
easiest way is to piss off your dealer into not wanting to talk to you
isn't marijuana stored in the fat? so lose more fat and you'll test cleaner faster
I would smoke and piss clean maybe a week after. I was running everyday though and drinking way more than 8 cups of water.
How frequently do you binge? I would offer the advice to adopt a diet that is less restrictive if you're that desperate to eat bad foods.
I drink nothing but water (have been that way for years), and I have been running atleast 10-15 minutes a few times a week here lately.
Plus it'll help you boost confidence if you decide to not give a fuck about those people. You're doing this for you!
It's like I was trying to unfuck everything wrong in my life
If you're doing it just for you, it'll take time and more fat loss. You're good senpai.
4pl8 deadlift is going to be in my top set today boys wish me luck
how can i break the fast? just eat? or first i drink anything?
I'm sure you'll figure it out
Just eat a normal sized meal. As the screaming lunatic suggests, salmon and dark berries are a great re-feed meal. It's the type of nutrition you want after a fast.
And a manlet
After my 36 hour fast I am going to OMAD 2 scoops of protein powder with a couple cups of fruit for 10 days. Wanna atone for past sins and just take a break from chewing in general. Will I die? Have you done something similar?
why don't you eat actual food? Those are SUPPLEMENTS when you can't eat more food and need the protein/calories, not meal replacements
Because I only want to drink smoothies for 10 days. 2 scoops of chocolate protein with a 2 cups of fruit and water. 50 grams of protein is sufficient. This is only for 10 days.
do you have literally zero muscle mass?
shiggydiggy
Sounds like a plan, champ. Who needs those worthless micro and macronutrients? You definitely won't overeat after depriving yourself of nutrients for a week and a half!
Something I should have done earlier was to cut refined sugar (only eat sugar from fruits, maybe honey) and any alcool. Almost lost my sanity on the first 2 weeks, but trust me it's worth it
just /fast/ you fatfucks
Come on It's a poor angle but I'm 1m90 tall
Looking good so far. You should consider lifting a little more. I think the good news with your belly is that you don't look so round when you started weight loss so i think your loose skin is going to be pretty minimal compared to other fat people who started rounder.
only if you have diabetes type 1
fasting is for retards who can't control themselves. you almost never see people on /fit/ fasting and actually eating a proper diet. they eat a bunch of shitty food, then fast to punish themselves, getting into a bad cycle
thanks fren
Only got one AHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCK
On the way to true 1/2/3/4 boys
i'm having a couple of beers, some vodka and nitrous oxide
Just had some tea and crispread with cucumber and bell pepper on top. Also one piece of liqourice candy.
Been a good Friday.
I'm mad about myself, I killed weeks, months of actual progress with this binging shit, and it's only my fault and nobody else's.
I'm going to a concert and then may get drunk after. But I'm driving, so probably not
we're gonna make it, brahs
I know when I binge ate more it was because I would get home from work not having eaten anything from work and I couldn't control myself so I'd just keep stuffing my face until I was full. I started splitting my meals and planning my meals and eating things that would satiate my hunger, like fats, proteins, and vegetables, and this eliminated my stupid binges after work.
so i make snake juice but i have more than 2 liters for it does having more water make the snake juice less effective? i heard water is like anti sodium and can flush it out or sum shit basically just want to know if adding more water makes my snake juice less effective
THIS IS FUCKING HORRIBLE ADVICE splitting up your meals creates constant insulin spikes making you gain more weight than eating it all in one meal mr.snake diet man put it into better words tho
>one huge spike a day is better than multiple smaller spikes throughout the day
Doing the same thing I do every weekend. Nothing
are you telling me MR snake diet lied to me?
"Don't get cocky just because you've powered up your metabolism!"
I'll do better next week. We will make it brahs
I start today. Wish my luck fellas. Going to try and lose 3 stone by the end of the year.
confess
I might drink tonight. But I'll try to have it straight instead of mixed
I'm going to an all you can eat buffet
I consumed prob 2000 calories worth of beer + potato chips last night, on top of my 1500 for the day.
I am pure. I consumed 160 calories today
How do I not ruin all my progress /fat/?
gonna have some chocolate squares tonight too
I'm borderline anorexic now. Love it.
Went over my goal by .2lb! Finally 185! Down from 450. Bought my first ever medium sized shirt today @ Target.
P-pls help
keep up the good work
godDAMN, good job!
Anyone else keep an autist board up next to their fridge like me with plans, notes, and goals? I'm too cheap to buy a whiteboard so I use the back of last years calendar...
counting calories is the only effective long-term method
Sorta, but I do it all electronically with Trello
Kek, post body. The only muscle sparing thing about fasting is when you hit keto and burn less muscle than the previous days, but still much more muscle than you'd lose if you were actually eating properly and lifting
Both ideas are actually somewhat true. The only thing wrong with what I said is that the insulin spikes hardly make a difference in a normal human being
I am 25 years old and have been fat for 7 years, please tell me how to stop this.
Before...and after... Still have 30-40lbs to lose
enjoy your lack of brain cells
i'd like to lose my first 20-30 in 4-6 months
what kind of coach?
I've worked in a bakery for 2 years..my willpower has finally given up and I keep bing eating every single shift. help me
Think if you want to waste the rest of your 20s being a fat fuck. No takeout is going to give you back those years.
desu i'm almost exclusively using it to have a form of accountability and as motivation to quit my bad habits.
I’m a slut for burgers and pizzas. To replace burgers I have a grilled chicken breast in a whole meal bun and I use Greek style yogurt to replace mayo but still use tasty hot sauces and grilled onions. Tasty as fuck. To replace pizza I make whole grain pasta and bolognese sauce with a small amount of cheese, it tastes similar to pizza and is a lot better for you. Making these also saves me money, I used to spend £10 a time for meals of fast food.
I think I have a solution to this, thank you anon.
Popping open my 2nd beer right now. Please forgive me. I plan on fasting tomorrow.
If you're doing Low carb you can have everything in the pizza except the actual crust
Finally hit a plateau with my diet, started incorporating exercise the last few days to keep moving downward. My knees won't stop fucking clicking and I'm really hoping it goes away. But I can already see the scale moving again. Excited to see if I can hit my target before my next road trip to see my girl.
I can't describe it but I think what that craving is, it is that "take-away taste" that I am craving for and I think what will satisfy that while keeping my calories down easily is getting that bbq wrap from kfc, it is only £1 and has 270 calories with good carb/protein ratio so if I get a couple of those a week when I get that craving I think I will be able to finally lose weight without this craving beating me to death with pizza and burgers.
On the other hand bros apparently I had face gains or so a couple of people told me today
Just got to try my best to satisfy it without it stopping me for now til I lose all this weight otherwise I am fucked.
Big cucumbers work for me. They fill you up with minimal calories.
320 lbs 5'6
on a more serious note You must get those willpower gains man and some discipline too, those cheats are making you fat again
Ate a piece of cake
How do you guys deal with sugar cravings? Getting slammed by the urge to gorge on toffee hard right now..
alternatively, fruit
Had "some" beers, potato chips, and pretzels. F-f-friday night, motherfu-.. eh eh praise the lord.
Am I gonna make it?
I'm new to weight loss.
DO NOT EAT
find your bmr and tdee. eat between those numbers to lose weight in a healthy way
im going to eat a 12" oyster po'boy tomorrow, but it's fine because i'm still going to be within my weekly deficit.
what do you mean by starving yourself?
You guys have been amazing motivation, and I'm almost there, I'm at 93 now, with my target being 75. It's super exciting to be almost there.
Just don't eat much and feel hungry most of the day, also weak and sick too but I think that might just be nutrition issue.
What do?
Literally beat his ass because he relies on the timidity of others to look like a “tough guy” and wouldn’t know what to do if someone actually fought back
>merchant.jpg
Legit the guy deadlifting could beat the shit out of him if he wanted
guy deadlifting was a pussy who backed down and spoke like a fairy lmao
Oh wait this is Canada
This, based
>DO YOU HEAR WHAT I SAID? GET OUT!1!
pathetic
Pssh nothing personal manlet.
This will fuel the young lifter
screech at the top of my lungs and remove all of my clothes
>teleports begins him
Manlet shit bloat probably pumped himself up for 15 minutes, probably even watched the kid and waited until he was winded
Deadlifer wasnt being a pussy. He stuck up for himself, and probably would have kicked his ass if he fought him. All you ego bros saying this and that just prove this board is full of insecure roid bitches and nothing else. In a barbaric world, yes you could take the plate and smash it over his head. But in todays society, if a staff does this its best to file an assualt charge, get him fired. Or sue him
the man wasnt even alone. you can see other fag came with him, then pretend to drink water when the kid does nothing.
>teleports begins him
judging by the vid he was more like 5'5" 150
I still think he should have called over the guys who were watching as a third party, make a big deal about the assault and complain to staff that some manlets starting fights on the big boy floor
Actually I watched the video, turns out he was a pussy and did not stick up for himself.
the teen on the left has posted on /fit/ earlier this day, said he's an experienced fighter. He would have unironically blown the mutt out with a few quick strikes, but when you're filming it you might as well stay civilized and milk the guy and the gym for some sweet cash
So close
Yeah, better do that instead of both get banned for fighting
Kid did the right thing
Yes he did.he was being kicked out, and didnt cowar away. Your defintion of sticking up for yourself is punching the guy in the face. He was a teen, and he was a grown man. He did the best he could without it escalating into some dumbshit legal troubles
Yeah, getting jumped is really bad.
Apparently he wasn't even a staff member
Quick FYI, this happened at the L'Acadie location. You know, in case anyone was wondering.
Also putting beta in scare quotes doesn't make it untrue.
The kid is a teenager and some shitheel of a 35 year old boomer with two friends comes over to start shit. What was he honestly gonna do? If he would have thrown a punch he would have gotten the shit kicked out of him.
so anyone has the link or something?
Vlt98FLA
Why would you follow orders of a nobody?!
tbf he deserved that
He was shoving him and gettinginto his face. If he didnt leave there would have been a fight
The """teenager"""" played it perfectly. Restrained himself and got it all on tape for maximum legal leverage. Also, if it were me I wouldn't have thrown a punch either because my first thought would have been roid rage and that's probably like trying to fire a gun into a crack head, not worth getting a 45 lb plate thrown at my head.
Behind
Why even get big and strong, if you follow orders of some idiot.
Trip him. Apparently he isn't training legs.
Ask me how I can tell your max isn't 315
yeah "sue" the guy who knocked you out in front of your children and wife as well LMAO
I hope you mean kgs, otherwise I can bench more than that.
You're supposed to lift to feel secure and happy with yourself, not become some egotistical retard who wont leave a gym after staff kicks him out so he feels good about himself and feels "alpha". Egotisticalness is actually the opposite of true confidence with oneself
Imagine being completely psychologically unable to ignore taunting and confrontation from another man
the guy isnt staff
saw the vid, kid shoulda decked him when the manlet stepped over the bar and had really shitty footing
Coping this hard. Will you also go fill someone's water bottle and re-rack his weights if he yells at you and pushes you around?
You mean at the exact moment that he was holding 300 lbs in both hands? That's when he should have punched the assailant?
You know how I know you would avoid eye contact if I looked at you on the street?
It's Canada, I don't even know if taking a swing at him after getting pushed would be allowed.
Absolutely degenerate monkey
Have you stopped to consider for a moment that anyone, absolutely anyone can reliably manipulate you into doing anything they want just by aggressively telling you not to? Does it bother you being such a simple, predictable being?
This viral incident is fantastic. It's like the antifa equivalent of gyms. Makes every soft soi planet fitness insecure wiener look bad. Surprised the Le Lunk Alarm didn't go off.
6 ft 5? you mean 5 ft 6...
They do have pizza and bagels =)
Look at that soft bloated bitch with his fatceps.
Say it to his face and see what happens :D
GET OUT!
He would run out of breath trying to get to me. When he bends over to catch his breath I'd kick him in the teeth and pull his pants down to his ankles.
that's all I needed to see to judge him

Oof. First the fetal alcohol syndrome, and now internet infamy? Tough break.
Someone post the Instagram messages to Buzz Fit from the other thread. Those were great.
Also any updates? I know the kids got a lawyer who made this go viral, and the gym is “investigating.”
are you stupid? How could he have been holding it when the guy stepped over the bar on the floor? Never post again.
It's here. You don't need a laywer for a criminal case. He went to the cops tho.
He's 17 and lifts more than you lol
wow such an alpha male teach me your ways master, i bet you dont even go on the internet to feel better about yourself
Sorry boys but the 'sensible' option of just backing down isn't really that sensible at all, it's just the easy one, and often what we instinctively do because in our civilized societies we often don't grow up learning how to respond to these situations.
After vieweing this he deserves to be thrown out.
you can't dedlift in canuckland?
Bigger gyms usually have areas for olympic lifts.
terrible form desu
for anyone wondering
bugs bunny pls.
Anyone done a 1.2g test only cycle before? I usually do 8 different compounds but on a budget atm
break his fucking jaw and make prison gains
the only gains you make in prions are anal gains
He's a teenager and also it isn't worth getting into a fight with some faggot. That being said I would've probably lost my temper and threw a jab at him, which wouldn't go well for me because that guy is probably at least twice my size and I have almost no experience fighting.
feminine
I'd just like to point out that even if the kid wanted to beat up the boomer manlet, he just got kicked in the nuts after lifting nearly 500lbs a couple of times. Physically I don't think he'd be up to the task at that moment.
That's such a fucking lie. He's only saying that to not seem like such a punk bitch
He filed a police report and is suing the guy. A much better option than to be a fucking idiot and start fighting, but hey, be an uneducated shit that always fights whenever the opportunity strikes.
So /fit/ supporting gym bullying now?
He filed a police report and is suing, a much wiser option than your "based and redpilled" shitty opinion that doesn't actually work in reality.
Most likely a friend of someone, which is just going to fuck the gym over
roidraging apes that cant handle the effects of needles in their butt should be hung. you guys talk about fist fighting but using a concealed carry would be so much more satisfying
god you're such a faggot
Boys I dont know what would happen if some faggot came up to me like this. If im having a bad day, I might just kill him. Other days I would be happy and apologise and if he kept persisting I would walk away. No one fucks with me in the gym though because I lift more than most and look like a psychopath when im intense.
Like, if the kid fought back he would probably would have ended up in almost as much trouble as the guy who initiated the conflict, and also prob got his ass kicked because the angry fucker looked bigger than him. But because he did not get physical with the guy and because he got the whole incident on camera he should be able to press charges and prob win the case if he knows the guys name and has a lawyer.

Would you actually get acquitted for murder in that situation? And is that because tren monkeys are actually not considered human in TX of FL? If so, based.
jzumV9iE
i don't think i could allow my self to capitulate to that guy if i was the kid.
holy shit
honestly kinda love this.
It really was out of place, shoving a guy just because he's arguing about a parking spot
The kid didn't pussy out. He chose not to fight because he already got him on camera.
Plus they did park illegally, unless the guy got physical first it was unreasonable to shove him. I'm assuming that the dude with gun shot before he processed that the black guy pulled back
Pathetic and bluepilled
Sure, the other guy didn’t fight him, but you are never acting alpha if you’ve completely lost your composire like this guy did. Makes him come off as a scared bully whos never been in a real fight but picks on those he thinks he knows won’t fight back. Listen to his voice as he begins freaking out. It’s fucking pathetic and sad
stand your ground laws. i only say tx and fl cause theyre relevant to me but plenty of States have this
post body
really hate this bitch behavior. same type of people that would jump in front of a bus and sue the city.
In a better time this guy wouldve been shot on the spot.
Would take down and mount while bitch slapping him
Concealed carry while you deadlift?
Fuck this dirty LaSalle Indian. I shit on his sikh temple.
An alpha male knows the difference between when to escalate the situation and when to avoid fights. A delta male is all about aggression.
Would not count on them for anything.
>He doesn't carry under his belt
extremely poor bait.
Watch it again. The guy's toe hit the kid's nuts when he put his foot on the bar. The kid even reacted to it.
Wasn't it in LaSalle?
>SEETHING
Qu'est-ce t'as dit à propos de moi, petite merde? Je te ferai savoir que j'ai gradué au sommet de ma cohorte dans les forces spéciales de l'armée canadienne. J'ai été impliquer dans plusieurs raid secret sur Al-Qaeda et j'ai plus de 300 confirmé abattue. Je suis entraîné pour la gorilla et je suis le meilleur sniper de toute l'armée canadienne. Tu n'es rien pour moi, à part une autre cible. Je vais te rayer de la carte avec précision de manière jamais vue sur la planète terre, je t'en fait la promesse. Tu pense pouvoir t'en sortir à me dire ça sur internet? T'es sûr? Parce que pendant qu'on se parle, je contacte mon réseau secret d'espion partout dans le Canada et ton IP est en train de se faire retracer. C'est le calme avant la tempête, criss de larve. La tempête qui va raser tout ce que s'appelle ta vie. T'es fuckin mort, le jeune. Je peux être n'importe où, n'importe quand et je peux te tuer de mille et une façon, et ça c'est à main nue. Non seulement j'ai subis un entrainement intensif au corps-à-corps, mais j'ai aussi accès à tout l'arsenal de l'armée canadienne et je vais utiliser son plein potentiel pour raser ta misérable existence du continent, petite merde. Si seulement tu savais le châtiment qui t'attend pour ton petit commentaire "edgy", peut-être que tu te serais retenu. Mais tu n'as pas pu. Tu la fais. Maintenant tu en paie le prix, maudit cave. Je vais te chier une tempête sur le crâne et tu vas te noyer dedans. T'es fuckin mort, le jeune.
So you're saying Rip would unload on me if I did that in Wichita Falls?
>gets alphad
sigh... post body or stop larping
now this is prime bait, wont find any better.
that guy wasnt a staff member
now this is bait
God bless you Florida, so proud of my fellow countrymen. Much love from Texas.
>finish that 5 x 5 or else
>implying they won't jump in to stop the fight while you're working guard so it looks like you're just getting your ass kicked
maybe unarmed black men should stop assaulting armed white men?
When the general audience thinks "yeah that guys fucking nuts" he wont feel so bad about not fighting him. This is a situation where he realistically he doesn't have to do anything besides say "what the fuck bro" and still looks dignified honestly.
he literally does nothing wrong there
remember that even a glance to the nuts in thin clothing still fucking hurts dude
What did you say about me, shit? I will let you know that I graduated at the top of my cohort in the special forces of the Canadian army. I was involved in several secret raid on al-Qaeda and I have more than 300 confirmed shot. I am trained for the gorilla and I am the best sniper of the whole Canadian army. You're nothing to me except another target. I'm going to scratch you on the map precisely so never seen on the planet earth, I promise you. Do you think you'll be able to tell me that on the internet? You're sure? Because while we're talking to each other, I'm contacting my secret spy network all across Canada and your IP is being traced. It's the calm before the storm, crested larva. The storm that will shave everything your life is called. You're fuckin dead, young. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in a thousand and one ways, and that is by hand. Not only have I undergone intensive hand-to-hand training, but I also have access to the entire arsenal of the Canadian Army and I will use its full potential to shave your miserable existence from the continent, little shit. If only you knew the punishment that awaits you for your little comment "edgy", maybe you would have remembered. But you could not. You did it. Now you pay the price, cursed cellar. I'm going to shit a storm on your head and you're going to drown in it. You're fuckin dead, young.
Qu'est-ce que tu as dit de moi, merde? Je vous ferai savoir que j'ai obtenu mon diplôme dans les forces spéciales de l'armée canadienne. J'ai été impliqué dans plusieurs raids secrets contre Al-Qaïda et j'ai plus de 300 coups de feu confirmés. Je suis formé pour le gorille et je suis le meilleur tireur d’élite de l’armée canadienne. Vous n'êtes rien pour moi sauf une autre cible. Je vais vous gratter sur la carte précisément si jamais vu sur la planète Terre, je vous le promets. Pensez-vous que vous pourrez me le dire sur Internet? Tu es sûre? Parce que pendant que nous nous parlons, je contacte mon réseau d'espionnage secret partout au Canada et votre adresse IP est en train d'être tracée. C'est le calme avant la tempête, larve à crête. La tempête qui va raser tout votre vie s'appelle. Tu es mort, jeune. Je peux être n'importe où, n'importe quand, et je peux te tuer de mille manières, et c'est à la main. Non seulement j'ai suivi une formation intensive, mais j'ai aussi accès à tout l’arsenal de l’Armée canadienne et je profiterai de tout son potentiel pour raser le monde de votre misérable existence. Si seulement tu connaissais la punition qui t'attend pour ton petit commentaire "énervé", tu t'en serais peut-être souvenu. Mais tu ne pouvais pas. Tu l'as fait. Maintenant, vous payez le prix, maudit cave. Je vais chier une tempête sur ta tête et tu vas te noyer dedans. Tu es mort, jeune.
Mənim haqqında nə dedin, bok? Mən Kanada ordusunun xüsusi qüvvələrindən məzun olduğunu bildirirəm. Əl-Qaidə qarşısında bir sıra gizli reydlər keçirmişəm və məndə 300-dən çox təsdiqlənmiş şəkil var. Mən qorilla üçün təhsil alıram və Kanada ordusunun ən yaxşı snayperiyim. Mənə başqa bir hədəf başqa bir şeysən. Mən sizi planetin yer üzündə göründüyü təqdirdə xəritədə cızacaqsınız. İnternette mənə deyə bilərəmmi? Sən əminsən? Çünki bir-birimizlə söhbət edərkən, mənim gizli casus şəbəkəmə Kanadada əlaqə saxlayır və IP ünvanınız izlənilir. Fırtına, səkkiz yaşlı larvadan əvvəl sakit olur. Bütün həyatı təraş edəcək fırtına çağırılır. Siz ölü, gəncsiniz. Hər yerdə, istənilən vaxt ola bilər və məni minlərlə yolla öldürə bilərəm və əlimlə. Yalnız məndə intensiv məşğuliyyətim yox idi, amma Kanada Ordusunun bütün arsenalına da sahib çıxıram və sənin əzablı varlığınızın dünyasını qırxmaq üçün bütün potensialımdan istifadə edəcəyəm. Yalnız kiçik bir şərhiniz üçün "qəzəbli" olduğunuz üçün sizi gözləyən cəzanı bilirsinizsə, yadda saxlamışdınız. Amma edə bilmədi. Sən bunu etdin. İndi qiyməti ödəyirsiniz, lənətüllə mağara. Mən başınıza bir fırtına atmaq üçün gedirəm və buna boğulacaqsınız. Siz ölü, gəncsiniz.
What did you say about me, shit? I declare that I have graduated from the Canadian special forces. I have had some secret raids in front of al-Qaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed photos. I'm studying for the gorilla and the best sniper of the Canadian army. You're another target for me. I will crash on the map if you see the planet on Earth. Can I tell the internet? Are you sure? Because, while chatting with one another, my secret spy network is in Canada and your IP address is tracked. The storm is calm before an eight-year-old larva. The storm that will shave all life is called. You are dead, young. It can be anywhere, anywhere, and can kill me in thousands of ways and with my hand. Not only did I have an intense occupation, but I also have the whole Arsenal of the Canadian Army, and I will use all my potential to shave the world of your painful existence. If you know the penalty you are waiting for because you are "angry" only for a small comment, you've remembered it. But he could not. You did it. Now you pay the price, cursed cave. I'm going to throw a storm on your head and you will drown in it. You are dead, young.
तुमने मेरे बारे में क्या कहा, बकवास? मैं घोषणा करता हूं कि मैंने कनाडाई विशेष बलों से स्नातक की उपाधि प्राप्त की है। मेरे पास अल-कायदा के सामने कुछ गुप्त छापे हुए हैं, और मेरे पास 300 से अधिक पुष्टि की गई तस्वीर हैं। मैं गोरिल्ला और कनाडाई सेना का सबसे अच्छा स्नाइपर के लिए पढ़ रहा हूं। तुम मेरे लिए एक और लक्ष्य हो। यदि आप धरती पर ग्रह देखते हैं तो मैं मानचित्र पर दुर्घटनाग्रस्त हो जाऊंगा। क्या मैं इंटरनेट बता सकता हूं? क्या आपको यकीन है? क्योंकि, एक दूसरे के साथ चैट करते समय, मेरा गुप्त जासूस नेटवर्क कनाडा में है और आपका आईपी पता ट्रैक किया गया है। एक आठ वर्षीय लार्वा से पहले तूफान शांत है। तूफान जो पूरे जीवन को दाढ़ी देगा उसे बुलाया जाता है। तुम मर चुके हो, जवान यह कहीं भी, कहीं भी हो सकता है, और मुझे हजारों तरीकों से और मेरे हाथ से मार सकता है। न केवल मेरे
What did you say about me, nonsense? I declare that I have graduated from Canadian Special Forces. I have some secret raids in front of Al-Qaeda, and I have more than 300 confirmed photos. I'm studying for the best sniper of Gorilla and Canadian army. You're another goal for me. If you see the planet on Earth then I will crash on the map. Can I tell the internet? Are you sure? Because, while chatting with each other, my secret spy network is in Canada and your IP address has been tracked. The storm is calm before an eight-year-old larvae. The storm that shaves whole life is called. You are dead, young it can be anywhere, anywhere, and can kill me in thousands of ways and with my hand. Not only did I have an intense business, but I also have the full armory of the Canadian army, and I will use all my strength to shave the world of your painful existence. If you know the penalty for which you are waiting because you are "angry" for only a short comment, then you have remembered. But he could not. You did it. Now you pay the price, the cursed cave. I'm going to throw a storm on your head and you will be drowned in it. You are dead, young
stand there and wait for him to walk away, if he puts his hands on me i'll fight back and get my ass beat i guess
>beta wins $50k in civil suit
>that guy who deadlifts at the gym
>mfw this is the literal state of canada
Once it gets physical, you hit back. If you disagree don't bother replying youre clearly a bluepilled c uckold lmao.
>mfw reading this b8
>tfw living in a third world country with third world country laws
Yes, anything that triggers you is "bait". Now you have to go back
it's literally a matter of recovery and troubleshooting weakpoints.
what's wrong with the form?
This post absolutely reeks of re ddit and onions. Pathetic.
RULES OF NATURE
surprised it wasn't in laval amirite
>mfw reading so yboy cope
spike his breakfast with estrogen so he gets gyno
Never gonna make it
There was no time
>I'm sending you on a first class trainride to snap city!
what an ass
how is this in any way a bad law?
Look at this staunch posturing cunt
Solid post
How do I do it, /fit/? I want to change, I'm willing to put in the effort. But how?
Read the sticky.
Finally, delete your piece of shit thread.
Just. Keep. Going.
but pick a plan and do it
fat = powerlifter
Who else fell for the nervous bird meme?
But aren’t cows dull and placid?
Chads eat steak which is how they get their confidence
Maybe that's why in such a shy fuck? Nahhh
... not that college cafeteria food is bad... it's just not good enough for elite athletes.
Exactly. They're not nervous.
Michigan has a bad ass cafeteria for the athletes, I watched a show on it. They tell them what, how often, amounts of everything they should be eating
eat the beef
Chicken is fine in my opinion, it is lean and has protein but little micronutrients. Beef is where it’s at. Healthy fats, iron, creatine, etc
Eating red meat all the time will give you diverticulitis. You'd think after Brock Lesnar had to have half his colon removed and nearly died because he ate nothing but red meat people wouldnt give out dumb ass advice like that. Why are all coaches such retards?
Show your TRUE unflexed self next to your flexed self
But im scared to
My unflexed self looks better than flexed

CBT/Progress-threads are filled with downlightning, posing and flexing. Creates unrealistic expectations #tumbler
You’re so boring
How can I remove the bloat like on the right so I actually look like on the left?
good honesty
nice gyno faggot
but i look like a god with a flex pump and human garbage without it
get fit and then never put food into your stomach
Learn from me kids. Do your incline benching.
extremely good posture
I hate humiliation :/
also might be poor back muscles or anterior pelvic tilt (or both) and very weak lower abs
Not much a difference.
>exhaling the wrong moment when doing crunches
But I already ate today... Maybe tomorrow if the thread's still alive
You're still sucking in your gut
M8 it's an anonymous board just breathe out there are people much fatter than you on this site
Bump for curiosity.
left i was super bloated from eating 200g of white rice at night and right i had just woken up the next day
Its weird as shit
If you get big enough it becomes much less noticeable as the pecs will always overshadow a bloated stomach
All natural baby
> roiding for this
It's because your manlets. Your insides are the same length as a normal human's, but your bone structure is smaller so the only place your insides have to go is out.

Also dont eat me
Left is part of correct posture though
Hey, here's the archive buddy, in case you thought the screenshot was shopped yuki.la/fit/45742831
Good thread idea. Should do your most flattering pose, then your most unflexed and unflattering pose.
honestly who the fuck cares if he looks great
christ you look like you're gonna rape someone then beat a gang of nerds in mtg
Is it not new to me
right is sexier
I'm 6'0
Like I said, you're manlets
Learn your place beanpole.
Based honesty all others are just excuses
i have visible abs when i dont breathe out so im not a huge fat fuck
But my flexed self looks like trash. Can't bloat that much either when fasted.
Those that dislike being complacent care, if you want to stagnate then go ahead and do so.
wouldnt make a difference t b h
Lots of weak points unfortunately. Can't wait to be back at school so I can hard bulk.
what's your core routine
Ignore the screen cap, mogged some beta bitch in /v/ because he implied I was a neckbeard because I was against racist, misandrist pseudointellectuals in my vidya.
Don't do one. Running nSuns 5 day and usually end up skipping accessories, so almost exclusively compound lifts. Only core work is bracing for diddly and squats
cute nipples, faggot.
unflexed
FUCKING LURK MOAR, YOU FAGGOTS
flexed
n-nice chest bro (no homo)
So this is normal? I look similar except I go from looking ripped af to skinny fat. Would post pics but I’m not home at the moment.