/bant/ - International/Random
Reply to existing threads about a topic instead of starting a new one. Mods will delete obvious duplicate threads and spam without notice.
Use /bant/ for off-topic and non-political discussions.
Yeah I'm thinking she's back
I know that feel
So she advertises herself as prostitute through the website or some such thing.

FUCKED
What did she do to get banned?
ROASTIE
YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE
Burn the coal
Get a fucking job you whore.
Boo fucking hoo, she did porn and now she has that Black mark on her. This woman chose to debase herself, she shouldn't be surprised when her past catches up with her.
This you first fucking day here OP? LINK. US. UP!
On a serious note, porn is literally destroying peoples lives, these cunts should be executed.
She is gonna en up killing herself. Find a guy you retarded whore and stop supporting yourself by being a whore.
She had a job. She was a paid whore.
Guys we should just let her give us bjs for $10 each
>take nigger dicks for shekels and expect sympathy
I already did.
COME ON GUYS LETS GET A KICKSTARTER GOING WE CAN DO A GOOD DEAD AND REDPILL HER TOO!
Absolutely beta
Bigfoot is out there you know that he don't care about your life of solitude
Bigfoot is out there you know that he don't care about his life of solitude
Mascara running down the face is in fact, officially, "Crying like a bitch".
You should be executed for trying to ruin a man's life by suggesting one should wed her
She’s gonna be the next in a long line of porn suicides.
SOMEONE POST HER PORN
This is actually a good idea, but if we somehow made it obvious it was "alt right nazis" saving the roastie. Imagine the red pills
Why doesn't she get a job as a barista or some shit like that? Fuck.
Do you really think throwing your beta bux at some whore is going to make her change her ways?
It’s a shame, too, that she chose this path in life. She’s a fairly attractive girl who could have had a nice family life with a chad husband and some good aryan children. But, she chose the degenerate life of BBC porn. Oh well.....
Who is this, and is there a mega?
Instagram models. What a fucking joke.
Calling her a whore implies she has a job.
fuck off you s o y b o y beta bitch
u mad?
I thought you couldnt make money off instagram like youtube?
its easier to suck cock for money. its all what women have been fighting for, they dont want to get judged.
If shes not doing porn anymore, why is her twitter filled with her doing porn?
Sucking nigger cocks isn't a real job
c_consent_skip=1533258405&guccounte
Another one bites the dust
these people look so artificial and unnatural, don't understand how anyone can get off to this shit
Not particularly since she's a washed up hag crying about an instagram account being deleted and will probably end up working at mcdonalds
omg....
And then she sucked 300 dicks for some semblance of fame, it’s both hilarious and kinda sad
Q predicted this
thank god

Blacked

yes it is, you can't spell blowjob without j-o-b
So she got into porn instead of listening to the top answer on Yahoo answers. How sad.
Race mixing traitor to our people; go back to porn and MILF yourself out until you die.
>I sure do hope you take my advice
Based devon the dude
https://youtu.be/ZKGCnS2Kj84
Which countless of other "Instagram models" do, but being a pornstar maybe make it a little too obvious for Instagram's taste, essentially it's the same.
kys cuck faggot
Yes!!! More latinas less whites!!!
Forgot pic

She wanted fame and paid with her body, it is what it is, i'd the same if i had those looks
Womp womp
They always say this, and they always come back... this bitch already retired, then she came back and did PIC RELATED, then she retired again, then she came back with fake tits, now she's retired AGAIN!
Why didn't you save her, /pol/?
PRUNE THIS FAGGOTRY
Holy shit, that’s disgusting

>But muh SEX WORKERS PROTECTION CUS WOMAN FREE!
this girl has rimmed hundreds of black guys, literally sucked their assholes, swallowed their cum and she is only 21, its very sad that she will marry a chump at some point.
s/l639/AmaraMaple/048_zpse45a0317.j
I feel bad for the chump that marries this slut
Her life is going to be really hard
she would spit on your face for being such a beta faggot. they want fame and easy money, nobody forced her to do it.
Burn the coal, pay the toll
The cuck state.
She called the guy "daddy" the whole scene and let him piss on her face and in her mouth, then she drank the remaining piss from a bowl before puking it up over her face. This is who we are dealing with... this is the porn industry...
This is only something Satanic Kikes could come up with
I don't think that's her.
why didn’t you save her?
Why are uncle threads always so painfully obvious?
quick rundown?
You can't save something that is dead
Wait, how do people just know her real name?
COMBO BREAK REEEEEEE
She definitely is. Her ass literally tripled in size from implants and fat injections.
/pol/ is the greatest detective force on earth
The jews destroyed one of /ourgirls/ and shills are here victim-blaming
Whoring is the only job 98% of women have ever been good for aside from house wife.
Goddamn kikes, nice digits though

didnt she save her money from when Saudi prince used her as a toilet?
porn wikileaks
holy shit, what you fed your people with americans
What a joke of a human being. She actually thinks taking multiple dicks in the ass is a heroic achievement.
fuck you
She was determined to be famous, she never ever wanted to be a respectable woman.
I wonder if there’s any pornstars that come out of the industry completely natural, or if they were possibly coerced into it by the Jews
literally the only ones who have a positive article there are Johnny Sins and some obscure fag pornstar that created the site
Meh. She sounds authentically retarded. She did the best she could do.
literally who
So I guess men live with who they want, women live with who they can, its why shes struggling while riding the cock carousal
Not my problem, I’m just here to laugh at her failures and fuck ups in life
> muh broken girl
wow this board really is pathetic
Fuck this dumb cunt
pornstars are required to show their real identification on camera before every shoot ever for legal purposes since an incident where a 17 year old posed as an 18 year old to do porn, and sometimes these images either get accidentally published or leak
I don’t know what you expected from an ocean of piss
technology companies out no nowhere banning your entire account is tyranny though and I bet that her tears are genuine, it's abusive of them too go to these extremes so fast.
I hope you get raped in the asshole by a gorilla and die of AIDS you worthless piece of fucking shit
You doubt the power of weaponized autism?
Some whore that did BLACKED videos lost had her Instagram account deleted by Instagram, she's having a meltdown because Instagram was the only way she could support herself.
they deserve their suffering, I hope they die of some kind of degenerative STI
adulthood is realizing all women are like this, some are just better at hiding it than others
>delet
you either give women full rights or consider them mentally retarded. You cannot say that they are coerced by jews.
Further back than that...Traci Lords.
I am truely sickened. This world really needs some kind of cleansing
The disturbing thing in her 14 year old question to Yahoo is not just the vapid vanity, but the mention of experience with a mental institution.
How do I find a coalburner like this to support financially and spoil? I feel so bad that they had to end up like this.
>boo-boo I have to work
ecate-on-them
If that’s the only way she can support herself, then that’s just her problem
Why don't Americans just ban guns? It would solve a lot of their problems.
That's illegal.

do you get a free loicense when you shitpost
Because we are the greatest nation and won't follow, but lead.
top kek
Let's ban niggers and illegals first. Then let's see where we're at and move from there.
oi m8 you got a loicense for that generated meme?
So we don’t end up like you AKA having our freedoms of speech and press taken away without being able to do anything about it
nice 2009 reddit meme
what fucking planet do you live on, they are still serfs.
It won't solve the nigger kike epidemic

Yeah we tried that with alcohol it just lead to criminal gangs growing in strength from all the bootlegging income and open flouting of the law.
did you blow the dust off before posting this dated meme?

Why would having guns help? Your army has tanks, drones, submarines and jets; your pistols would be extremely ineffective against them.
The problem isn't guns, friend. They are one of many tools that bad and sick people can use, nothing more, nothing less.
So would ethnic cleansing.
You cant control a population with tanks and drones.
bin that blade
MODS can we get a word filter on guns to nigger or spoons or lettuce or something? These threads fill half the board all day and the discussion is beat to fucking death. You mod onions but not gun super gay fags
No thanks we like being able to determine our pwn fates....how else would we resist cartel encroachment? See Warren Vs DC....
Here's why
Because banning guns worked so well for you, eh Nigel? Having great curry and kebabs is totally worth genocide levels of child rape.
I'm sorry?
Ask al Qaeda and the Viet Cong
You're uneducated, britbong.
Because niggers, spics and other degenerate races who are destroying the fabric of their country, but mostly niggers. You simply cannot live among millions of niggers without owning a firearm. It's that simple.
HUNGRY
Why don't Britons ban the guns first? I'm sure your army and police has tons of them.
HAHA nice bait, some burgers are gonna bite it, no doubt
nW_1527539752
Is this faggot serious?
Why dont British just ban acid?
Let's assume they are the cause of so many problems, and need to be banned. How do you propose we do this successfully, without: organized crime families creating black markets, still putting firearms in the hands of criminals; people crafting their own homemade firearms; starting another civil war, since you'd need to pry them from the cold, dead hands of a lot - and I mean a lot - of law-abiding citizens? It sounds good, in theory, but impractical.

That image is fake news. The UK does not have a total gun ban. Also the USA and many other countries like in Central America have a much higher murder rate than this country (ours is 1.0 per 100,000 per annum) so I struggle to see why we would be the most violent country in the world. Also, it's spelt Piers, not Pierce...
<laughs in Pashtun>
Do you know why the US' murder rate is so high, Nigel?
ahahahah, my sides
Tommy Robinson was arrested for reporting on muslim gang rape. He was outside the building, and merely reporting facts, so “contempt of court” is a bullshit excuse. Funny how you didn’t make a comment on the link I included though.
Remember when one man shut down the entire city of Dallas for about 6 hours?

cringe
What, like a law, or something? We've got black people, mate. Think about that for a second.

stfu meme flag
Because guns are very easily attainable?

Do you think if we outlaw guns that those gang bangers will turn their guns in?
Because blacks and spics count as humans. If it weren't for this confusion, they would just announce a never-ending hunting season for them and eliminate the excess.
If this doesn’t convince you that your government is arresting your people fot dissent, you’re fucking dense.
If there was an incentive then yes. I'm sure many of those black/hispanics would want to help see violence in their communities come to an end, nobody should live in fear.
This happened in Mexico the other day. It why we wont gibs them up.
How are you sure of what blacks/hispanics want when you've clearly never lived in a ghetto area where gangs are commonplace? You're naive to an extreme, and I hope when you wake up it isn't with a gun to your temple.
because fuck you thats why
nW_1527539752 you still won’t make a comment on this?
Gang members are very dumb and have no education, besides crime there aren't much options they would have. Why would hang members want to give up their guns? Besides, a "gun" can be very easy to craft, a homemade shotgun could cost only 30$ to craft. Even if the guns disappeared magically, they would craft guns.
Because it's my fucking right and regardless try and take em.
lets make murder illegal
Seems like she was charged for legitimate reasons.
>Not shooting niggers.
Ignorant sheep like you are the reason the West has been going down the tubes. You want to know why Americans won’t give up their guns? It’s because guns in the hands of civilians are the reason the United States exists. If the colonists didn’t take up arms against the British, they’d have never acquired freedom from British oppression.
Can you find where the homophobic element is in the video? Is it possible that the bongpolice were...lying?
v4snVLmU&feature=share
Then we could require licenses to shit like you do.
>different era, same idiots.jpg
Because niggers
They need guns to be different from normal countries in the anglosphere like Australia, uk and Canada
And by normal, you mean defenseless to actions by your governments that degrade your country. I’d say you wouldn’t all be so cucked if you had guns, but your populations seem so indifferent and ignorant, I’m not sure if guns would even make a difference.
This is what separates us from you bong. True patriots don't care if they know they will get wiped out, they'd rebel against tyranny no matter what. Liberty or Death faggot. Most American citizens are cucked now but if real tyranny were to take over America, it happens AFTER everyone is disarmed. And the best way to do that is convince the public it's in their best interest to do so. Which is eck-fucking-zactly what (((they're))) trying to do right now.
Lol. Criminals would still have guns. So fuck that. As long as criminals use guns, I'll use guns. Fuck you.

even if they did ban guns people would just make them basically guns will never be banned here
but, how would criminals get guns? if no companies will sell them, where will they get them from? they would have to get them on the black market, and with supply eternally capped, prices would skyrocket
hahahaha
easier to ban sex
the courts giveth, the courts taketh away
Guns will always be produced because there will always be a demand. Sorry that's just the way it is.
To prevent genocide
Because niggers would still be here
BTW, Russia doesn't have a free press. nor did Nazi Germany
MOLON LABE
no it wouldn't. it'd start a civil war.
gun lovers are paranoid, selfish, and obsessed with murder. restricting their fetish objects robs nothing from the rest of us
How big are your haunches?
Didn't London's crime rate surpass New York's recently?
yes, but few of those tools are as compact, effecient, and depoyable as a gun. an AR-15 can put out 400 rounds, a minute. any one of which can wound, cripple, or kill. did you learn nothing from the Vegas shooting? a guy with a knife can be easily overpowered by two unarmed people. or just one, if that person doesn't mind getting stabbed. a guy with a gun is all but impossible for an unarmed person to stop
yet can't get a hold of a bunch of goat fuckers with outdated rifles driving around the desert in Toyota pickup trucks
I was just crying for 20 god damn fucking minutes. All i know is that only the military should own guns. The 2nd amendment was meant for muskets not machine guns. At the very fucking least, reduce the legal clip size down to 3-5 bullets. Even then, that's reaching and irresponsible.
To make a homemade shotgun you need two pipes and a nail, that's it
funny enough, both of those countries have ruthless gun laws, and can take a person's gun if he is even just a rude dickhead. not even convicted of a crime. just for being an asshole.
Why don't the British just buy our guns? It would solve a lot of their problems.
you are going to have to cough up some sources
make them nimrod
How would a civil war solve any problems?
because acid has more purposes than just murdering people. unlike AR-15s. quick Google search brings up Hydrochoric Acid (sold in hardware stores as Muriatic acid) and Sulfuric Acid. pretty sure you could also use Lye, a drain cleaner
Great idea! Tell me though, what happens to the 300+ million guns already in circulation in the US? Do they just disappear? Seems like there'd be a flooded black market...cheap guns available to all that are willing to break the law
Notice how you only see white complaining. They cant defend themselves with their own two hands
look at mexico??
You just contradicted your own thesis in the following line. Maybe take a course in rhetoric sometime.
Either uncuck yourself or use a different flag.
There's literally a post above yours with an entire Mexican family murdered by guns in a country that bans guns. This is why no one here other than retarded liberals take any other countries seriously when it comes to comments about gun control.
You're next
Who said anything about pistols?
who needs health care? doctors don't know nuthin, anyway
oy chap, eerrreesss youuuurre opinion license?
Mexico is also one of the most hideously corrupt countries in the world. their government is almost powerless to stop the massive criminal gangs. when your country is a failed state, you kind of have to adjust the scales you use to gauge things
but how are we gonna enjoy our habbenins?
>banning the right to defend and protect yourself.
Is every white man this fucking retarded /pol/?
True fact: guns cause no problems in America. They only cause problems for niggers.
Anyone notice how all the countries that have a ban or harsh gun ownership laws have a lot more crime than those that have gun rights?
Boomer status: confirmed
Governments are made up of people. those seats can be filled by ordinary people making grown-up decisions, or they can be filled by corrupt fat cats who give the idiots who voted for them bread and circuses, and "freedoms" that don't mean shit
Mexico problems is not because USA sells guns to us you fuckleaf.
should I use the flag of a failed state of traitors?
better?
just put your bean and cheese ass in my face senorita.
also, insults don't counter arguments
Not only a leaft but also a fucking scat lover, god i can't believe we live in the same continent.
we banned guns and look at us!
truedat. or a 3D printer. you still aren't going to get the death spraying capabilities of an AR, or any other semi-automatic rifle. I would happily trade home made and plastic weapons for semi-automatic weapons and concealed carry laws
The children of the lie will sometimes feign patriotism to get their way. They are always the first to tell you how bad America is but they will also call Confederates traitors and if you bring up Russia they will turn into Joe McCarthy and accuse you of being a Russian agent. No one buys your fake patriotism.
guns aren't just for killing people there are dangerous animals you might need to defend yourself from and you would die without one
>Trump bad, dems good
anyway, if its drunk idiots brawling in the streets, that's not much of a crime wave.
QtisGX2M
An AR-15 shoots once everytime you pull the trigger, 3-D printed guns are semi-auto, which means they both shoot the same amount.
like it solved our probl...oh whats that knife crime and acid attacks you say? well shit lul america doesnt have a gun probem it has a dindu problem.
Pretty sure alcohol causes more deaths than firearms
Get a load of this no guns faggot, you ain't taking shit
demand all you want. unless you are willing to put up cash...
You provide thick latinas and taco bell. I can't even hate mexico.
> Life taken from those who try
The only reason my government doesn't allow us to buy guns as much as other countries is because they want total military control over us and look, they already have it
they don't cower in their bunkers, clutching a gun for fear that some stranger will come to take them away
If you ban them then people just buy them on the deep web and fund child sex traffickers.
it isn't?
shouldn't that mean they're already banned?
Why should I give up my equalizer of force just because boom sticks make you anxious?
Brevity is not your strong suit.
Let me guess. You believe that the people could not resist a tyrannical government with their firearms because lol military tanks jets rockets drones nukes
but, Republicans are too fucking racist. you can't just solve the problem because you are too obsessed with control and punishment and violence and you hate anyone who is not exactly like you. Mexicans are almost universally Catholic. They in traditional families and patriarchy. They are conservative! Blacks are almost universally Baptist Protestant, also patriarchal as fuck. They are conservative! they would vote Republican all day, every day, if you would quit breaking your neck to fuck with them and keep them in poverty! Republicans and conservatives fucking HATE helping people! WHY??
well america is one of the most shitty countries so i don't blame citizens for wanting to get shot randomly.
Why don't you just ban Muslims? That would solve a lot of your problems.
if we banned guns then only niggers would have guns
And look how they turned out. All the more reason for us to maintain ours.
you need to actually get to know some minorities, rather than just comment of the hysteria you see on TV. yes, the vast majority of people want peaceful, prosperous lives. if the police quit fucking with blacks and latinos, if governments focused on getting their kids educated, and if whites quit acting so terrified of brown tidal waves infesting their communities, Blacks and Latinos would not be criminals.
Do you even know where you are, nigger?
Yeah, just like banning drugs got rid of drugs.
So what's your solution? "Hey criminals could you please stop robbing and murdering and work instead?" If someone becomes a criminal is because they chose the short way. They don't have education. How can they get a job if they are mostly uneducated and inexperienced?
TL;DR Gun control only works in white countries full of white people. Kick all niggers mudslims and the bad hombres and you'll be fine
If you want blacks to stop getting watched by police then tell blacks to stop commiting crimes.
pretty sure you committed acts of treason in preservation of acts of barbarism
First of all, I was talking specifically about gangbangers, not blacks and latinos in general. The anon I was responding to didn’t know what the fuck he was talking about. Secondly, the only way to lower native-born black and latino crimerates is to fix their self-destructive culture.
ordinary people engaging in the stewardship of their nation = good

We don't want to become a dying country, like the UK
The courts and state also do not give us our rights--this idea is fundamental to our founding. How are you this ignorant?
wait, why is Greenland so goddamn violent?
Stfu, people in your country get tried for teaching their dogs stupid tricks.
Bring it leftist motherfuckers. We're waiting.
This isn't Bastiat. This is real life with non-Whites.
Or better yet, convince minorities that the police aren’t the enemy
https://coincidencedetector.com/
Such turgid prose. Brevity, niggerfaggot, brevity.
obviously banning all guns is stupid. they are valuable tools. they also have deep, rich cultures. they can also be pieces of art. Assault Rifles, simi automatic pistols, and the laws that allow people to employ these weapons: Concealed Carry, Stand Your Ground, and the weak enforcement of licensing, these things have very little use, other than to make murder easier
fuck off, limey
Or to make getting murdered harder. If someone comes into my house with a knife and I don't have a gun, I'm fucked up. Unless I'm fast enough to run and close myself in the bathroom I'm helpless. So the best I can do is wait until the burglar gets done stealing my property.
It's quite rare to meet a shill as retarded as yourself, good sir.
CmPKaYN8
You know what can stop them both? A gun.
then there's this weak willed easily trolled retard
Imagine having your head this far up your own ass
in a bar fight, you kick the bigger guy in the nuts, grab a bottle, call your friends, drag over the bar owner, or just go outside and call the cops. when faced with tanks and drones, pulling out your AR-15 is fucking stupid.
sorry if I look mad, but you look just like the Left of my country . Thinking everything is caused by society and we need to give huges to criminales to solve the problem
Nah, it's sandniggers raping their kids and stabbing women that try to fight back.
As expected, the raging leftist doesn't understand economics
>sorry if I look mad, but you look just like the Left of my country . Thinking everything is caused by society and we need to give huges to criminales to solve the problem
That's his fucking point, you pretentious twat.
>meme flag
We need them for the civil war
it has happened. It works. any inner city school teacher will tell you it works, because that is what they have to deal with, and that is what they accomplish
Why do you hate women?
Solved nothing if anything made the problem worse
I am trying to get some points across, not just throw elbows and trigger people
Go to your local Anglican priest and ask for an exorcism. I'm afraid for you, OP.
Holy shit, you are naive as shit.
are you just trolling, or is this ironic shitposting?
Please do this. I want to kill liberals.
These people are scum, unless you give them literal cash upfront for them to become useful, you will not change them.
America isn't a democracy though it's an oligarchy
This is /pol/ you stupid fuck. Stay and learn.
Why did america lose to farmers with guns and traps in a jungle? Clearly that views very suspect.
Come and take them.
Yeah exactly what happened in the Toronto shooting where a criminal who ignored gun laws gunned down defenseless unarmed people
Because half the population is too much of a pussy to live without a deadly weapon to kill someone who disagrees with them.
Yeah just like what happened in Toronto
Mexico has some of the strictest gun control laws on the books
You literally are
These threads always pan out exactly the same. You faggots are being played over and over and over. I hate this fucking board.
At this point I'd rather have outright anarchy.
I hope you enjoy the view up their from your sanctimonious sandbox. and I hope the bare minimum wage they're paying you to shillpost is worth it.
No one here has a gun banning loicense. Saged and hidden for using a faggy reddit image in the OP. Also OP is a gigantic niggerfaggot.
Kind of like the people who run the government who are defended with guns and have thousands of people with guns ready to enforce their rule
blacks need to value education and upward mobility more. Cops need to be something less than fucking rabid. Politicians need to stop racist scapegoating and fear mongering for cheap, easy votes.
A long post could still have brevity if it packed more into said post.
...which is exactly why you arm yourself
good thing that only governments should be trusted to have the guns then. They're sure doing a lot with that.
it's cute watching you try to defend a political mafia dynasty that only seems nice because you're stupid enough to be duped by their massive PR campaign.
You're the kind who would rather live a slave groveling before your master for a last bit of empty life of life than die free defending your freedom
You need to lay off the leftist propaganda.
Because we aren't going to end up like you faggot.
but shooting makes me a lot happier than alcohol does these days. shooting doesn't give me a hangover the next day and I get genuine fulfillment at seeing my skills increase.
Because banning alcohol and drugs was so successful.
OP pastebin: http://pastebin.com/nygxu29R
the absolute worst
I like Mike!

Alright fucking 4chan. I found you. Stop making fun of me. Do you think it impresses anyone? I will not be bullied by cowards by hide behind this "anonymous name" bullshit, which doesn't even make sense in itself. How can more than one person say things here with the SAME name??
TRUMP GOING IN FOR THE KILL
lmao /sp/ is full of cucks
Trump is the best.
IT SO BOOOOORING
good way to end a friday


AWWOWOOOWOWOWOOOOOOOOOOO
feels good being a big baller fan
My wife has gone to bed. I hope I get lucky tonight with a wild wolfgirl!

You haven’t spoiled it for me in weeks, WB. I think you’re losing your touch.
The last thread was fun as shit. Politics should be fought through sports.
Trump's efforts will keep the Senate, but the House is gone.
Gay Nigger.
fucking eagles fans are nearly as bad as raider nation get the fuck out of my thread
https://youtu.be/XfNXBoDBTNE
A former student came to visit today. He’s making more than me. I don’t know these feels.

Q predicted this
i never should have given you that drawing
post pic of face with current date or kys faggot
>More and more I come to believe we need Justice Sentient 4chan Thread to counter President Hawaiian Judge. Motherfucker thinks he's King Kamehameha or some shit.

THIS IS A MOVEMENT!
LeBron James BTFO?
I think you should be proud
Something went horribly wrong at RLM studios... but Jessi likes the change...
Full damage control mode.
>kitty accusing someone else of losing their touch
based mike

No but India will be a super pooper by 2024
based dak "toes on the line" prescott
You’re still Literally Worst Baker, but you’re better than the best leftist.

That's not going to end well.
https://youtu.be/DwyQ9sjNjr8
I make more than you too
T H I C C
King.. Kamehameha?

4 DAYS IN A ROW BUD
You cry too much, bitch nigger faggot
Feel happy that he is doing so well and that it was largely because of you and your teaching.
lol gay
Go for the jugular, Don! They're focken cunts, innit!
what is this fresh hell?
Why, so Philly can win once a century? That's far too often.
Michelle, not now, I’m in a weird place between comfy and pic
I’m sure you do anon. I make enough.
Did you suck his dick?
>asking for a friend
When did we enter the matrix?
Just need to keep the Senate so we can confirm more judges
It's going to end amazingly. Lebron ditched Cincinnati, Ohio and tucked their whole team over. The Ohio special election is next Tuesday.
why are people always sexualizing our president?
That Lebron tweet is in my personal top 10 Trump tweets now. He's right about Don Lemon too. Fucking hilarious and I'm glad he made that tweet.
e-feinstein-san-francisco/
Yeah, even if not conscious, a bunch of Americans on some level realize this isn't the country they want to live in.
Saturday will be different (literally because of how time works). I’ll use my usual clock then
>I think this is Jack, but I could be wrong.

FIHRpe7I
Q predicted this.
awesome
Abso-Fucking_Lutely
Surprise Summerslam appearance with the hulkster?
I can taste their fear and it`s delicious.
please help me out.
Trump is unironically in the WWE hall of fame and Vince’s wife works for Trump

2020 is gonna be a fucking treat
ehameha_I
Z0j1Jx2M
If you are from there, fucking vote, and tell your acquaintances to do the same
Jesus Christ.
They're right insomuch as there's like five "centrists" left in the Democrat Party.
What is this, a fucking long-form haiku? God, Lemon is such a faggot.
Pic related is a proud faggot. Fuck the Eagles and fuck Malcolm Jenkins.
Bodily/sexual humor is what children find funniest.
us/las-vegas-shooting-final-report.
The music was too loud.
He was dead hours before the shooting. You're asking the wrong question.
>He had no motive, didn't you hear.
he was a Mossad agent.
who was the real shooter? why was the airport targeted? who was the VIP escorted from the building? what were the reports of vans with armed men being unloaded and opening fire on the crowd?
> "no motive"

This whole story stinks.
He didn't.
THE ONE TIME HE DIDN'T GET COMPED
this was weird as fuck too. he had like two very strange and rushed public appearances and then disappeared.
Why would a false flag be implemented at that time?

it never happened
who is the eric paddock clone in the middle?
He was one of Hilary's assassins gone off his rails.
He didn't do it
failed assassination of saudi prince
/pol/ figured it out on week one. Keep up faggots.
maybe he just hated country music
I kept track of his story for the longest time and tried to keep up with the twists and turns especially when he got his Ellen handler and compared the """""SWAT footage""""" but it all got too tiresome. From the moment he fled to Mexico like the day after the shooting and was even allowed to go alone should raise all the red flags on this.
mayor of Fayetteville, AR.. noticed the resemblance eh?
probably radicalized by jordon peterson into hating white people.
I've seen the Saudi prince connection in one theory but it was a completely different story. Anyone have images relating to it?
Something about the floors above the Paddock room being part of a separate hotel with different elevators.
There was always a clear fucking motive you absolutely disgusting bottom feeding brainlets. If pic related doesn't completely clear it up for you, then you aren't capable of understanding.
so what does the other 24 years mean?
Uuh... competition with the Luxor hotel?
When this story first broke I heard a newscaster say he had done work for the FBI in the past I swear . Never heard from newscaster again.
i'm going to guess you're implying human sacrifice to isis for freemasons/illuminati or something?
He was politically motivated. The government wont tell the truth in an effort to stop massive retaliation that could possibly lead to revolution. The deep state is playing with fire and the truth will come out eventually
during interview with Bruce Paddock, he talked about how Stephen wanted to be FBI growing up
It was a TEST of the Manchurian Sleeping Agent....More to come
Why cant Trump say it then?
Stephen Schuck -> the nice engineer or CIA/military? Jesus looked like he was scared of him during Ellen show.
What a coincidence.
when schuck first appeared in the story, I always thought he was introduced for the sole purpose of being the talking head. Campos just didnt cut it. His radio call to the security during the shooting was laughably bad
Because it may mean war.
Fuck. Has it already been a year since that happened?
10 months
Did you know that Paddock was Jewish? Or that he contracted for Lockheed Martin? Or that he owned an airplane which was definitively linked to the CIA? IT'S ALL RIGHT THERE. STOP BEING SUCH FUCKING BRAINLETS FOR ONCE IN YOUR MISERABLE FUCKING LIVES.
He may not even know the truth himself
I had another theory that it was Muslims attacking Trump supporters at a country music concert. Motive would be travel ban. Trump covered it up because media would say he incited it but even more reason is that Muslims would be lynched in the streets by normal every day Americans

you play video poker 18 hours a day for a full 5 years and see if you dont want to do the same
>this is not the official story
He was a dick.
I think that if that theory is true he would be right not to say a thing.
I vaguely remember what they were talking about but that's not it. It was more to do with assassins hired by a US body who botched the attempt and killed themselves and Paddock just after shooting up the concert to create a cover story.
so what does the other 27 years mean?
Fuck, never mind, I read the image properly. That is what I was thinking of.
guy has a fucking gut - and you think a saudi prince would carry... a nylon bag full of his belongings he wants to take?
Need more on Paddock: What was he doing, who was he selling to, shit like that.
We will never know.
I like how you can tell she had already gone crazy by this point.
this is one of the craziest parts. it's a top deadly mass shooting in the US and was committed recently but yet when guns and gun control are talked about this attack is never brought up. why? it was a horrible massacre that broke a lot of narratives about mass shootings, but it's obscurity in less than a year is very strange.

Other theory is Paddock really was shooter. Gun runner. Buying and selling guns in some way that made gun laws look bad. FBI or CIA cornered him in room. He panicked and shot everyone. Govt covered it up because they fucked up whole sting operation
It does come up in gun snatching debates but I agree that it seems a bit rarer for the "deadliest shooting" in US history. I guess they prefer the school shooting cases because children are a better weapon for emotional manipulation.
sushi wasn't fresh
I heard that one. And to be honest it fits with the Saudi theory. Because he would be an FBI gun runner in both. The part that makes less sense here is that he shot these people. Why would he do that? That would make no sense, not to me, unless I'm not understanding something that you are saying.
Nylon bag is a diplomatic bag. Carried the same diplomatic immunity he does, meaning it cannot be searched. Supposed to be used to carry state documents and such without fear of a governing body coming up with a BS reason to search and obtain state secrets, but often used by the Saudis to carry drugs and the like
so did he do it and if so what is his connection to the reptilians/archons/luciferians/demi
has had aspergers. All evidence points to sensitivity to light and smells and raging narcissism. We need to round up people with aspergers and euthanize them all.
one thing I never see anyone bring up are the victims. I bet there is some interesting things there. lotta real estate/financial sector, police officers, ex military people get killed.
He was just an average American enjoying his hotel room surrounded by 25 ARs and 20,000 rounds but he really hates country music. The rest is history.
I think you are an assburerger
NO ONE WAS SHOT
Pic shows motive.
This seems like it will forever be the greatest mystery ever. If I were to offer a forth rite and educated guese? I'd say it was because the casino didn't offer him enough sushi.

the false flag tinfoil shit that it was a move to once again take away are guns is of course as stupid as all the other claims of past shooting being a false flags to take away guns. As nothing change, ever. It's decades of this and we clearly don't care. USA has made it choice and clearly we want guns.
can anyone even find any mention of this guy before October 2017?
why would the handle be that feminine?
shit dude he was going to be convicted of genocide and spend the rest of his life in some prison, I'd drink poison too

Harvey Weinstein scandal popped up within days (even though had been an open secret for years or decades) and took over the news cycle, Vegas got memory holed
Again, bag isn't standard. The "bag" could be a briefcase, anything. It just so happened to be that bag for him.
This was an OP gone wrong. Most likely another group got wind of it and shit hit the fan.
it was a ritual, shortly after Oumuamua appeared in the sky from the direction of the Vega constellation. then an object was tracked heading towards Hawaii for 38 minutes before magically disappearing.
what is an OP besides a faggot?
fucking boomers
Nope, I'm just retarded (long fuckin work day). Sorry, my bad.
i've read this before but where did the information come from? is it all postulation? where's this connection being made?
because if everyday people knew what actually was going on there it would be riots/possibly war. Compare vegas to David Hoggs national school shooter awareness campaign it really jogs your juneberrys doesnt it anon
Nobody has ever seen a dead body from this shooting.. NOT ONE PICTURE OF BLOOD OR A DEAD BODY OR A BULLET WOUND. NOTHING.
And apologies through posts
comes straight from eric paddock interview

Interesting.
Trump being planned to be in Vegas and Al-Waleed wanted a front row for this assassination? Seemed very plausible with the supporting evidence.
Seriously guys. I dont believe anyone was actually shot. I didn't see a single gunshot wound. The only people that got injured were people fleeing in the panic.
No. There were terrible videos on liveleak the next day. People's brains were spilling out.
It is a conundrum, truely. Maybe we will never know why he did it, or maybe his reason was as simple as blood lust. Who can know OP?
so what are you implying? what do you believe?
vidence-where-is-the-blood/4557
its possible but if no one actually died people would know. we used autism to comb through things like this during the shit storm that followed
He was another Salinger fanatic.
>Benjamin Hoskins Paddock
Some people did know and ended up dead. Also, scan local newspapers across the country in the days after the event. I bet you'll see stories about local police officers, etc who just happened to be in Vegas and came home to tell the harrowing tale of how they didnt see anyone get shot.
>Phillipines
I looked up a few of the victims a long time ago and some of them didnt add up at all. Like Sonny Melton and his fake wife
I don't buy in the conspiracy theories and you could call me a normie on that front. This story is just so bizarre that it's hard to believe that noone cares.

phillipeans, hawaii, alaska, australia. all big connections in the story
Motive probably was something very simple.... like a beaner telling him the shrimp weren't comped that day. Honestly I think it would make any man committ mass murder... like Netanyahu not getting his hummus... or Kim Jong not getting his McRib.
He was in hiding for years. Hiding from the spooks, may I add, after a successful bank robbery. Then he was an informant for them.
remember initial reports of a lady going around the concert crowd telling random people "you're going to die, you're all going to die"
dude this photo is totally photoshopped
Anon who is this interview with?? Craig?
yup. He was also buying that house paid for by the DNC in the philipines to hide there after that murder probably thinking he would get away with it.
Who is the fat guy in the black shirt?
Why was Marilou Danley's facebook deleted? Heres the pics see for yourself. Where is she now? Where is the Miami shooter's girlfriend?
Based and redpilled
ill believe it when I see some article on the internet before October 2017 talking about him.
what is it with liberals surving shooting and having property in Asia?
He was a nutty trumptard who snapped. What else do you expect to come out?
First time I'm seeing this. Holly fuck.
no one knows.
Fresh outta oven edition. We gotta burn deez Cock cuttin Kikes. Where da OC at? Who got da loud memes?
Obligatory

>fucking cunt
https://youtu.be/fQyLOiwZawA

saved.

Here's the real story.



GOD FUCKING DAMN IT HIRO

Woke af that's how it happened
Yo, why they mask my meme like that?
Someone post the one about the baby who died and the doctor still tried to circumcise the body before the guys from the funeral home came.
gas the jews
last circum thread got pruned. mods don't want justice
https://youtu.be/fQyLOiwZawA [Embed]
We're being spammed with "i am so stupid and racist, just like you" threads by JIDF because of the success of the circumcision threads last night.
mJ0lDHrc


Hold still




based thot doc

oh holy mods remove this garbage
shut up kike, some of us actually care about our future generations

just waiting on 404
IMAGINE THERES NO CIRCUMCISION, ITS EASY IF YOU TRY, NOTHING TO SMOOTH YOUR WRINKLES, NO BABIES HAVE TO CRY!
circumcision directly names them, stop believing israel is our greatest ally goyim
RQRCOoH8
HNcjr1WY
This whole thread is shills, trying to shill up the new thread before it starts.
ill wait

top fucking kek
you're mistaken, you are the actual equivalent to it. what are you scared of rabbi?
ill wait

keep bumping it, you're helping the cause
I can write poetry. Maybe I should write my own parody song.
>on page 3
I'll keep responding to your garbage, so the more you post, the more it'll get bumped
Check em

ill wait newfag
that's because there's another circumcision thread going on, doesn't mean every one isn't relevant. thanks for the bump rabbi
Bring the OC this one is FREEEEESSSSSSSHHH

There it is. Thanks.

shill thread
kike poster
how's that waiting coming along rabbi?
I love a good boomer tier pun.

was bumping other threads to push yours down going pretty good
/pol/ is making me proud. We finally have circumcision generals here.
hey rabbi, glad to see you care
That's some next level fucking evil.
now's the time to push a complete ban on all genital cutting with no (((religious exemptions))).
le kek
hey rabbit
holy kek
Do one of these? https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/ You'd need to get 100k signatures though.
>hey lazy autocorrect faggot
i lost 80% of my erotic tissue at birth so some fucking cunt could rub my excised tissue on her face and i could be sexually crippled for life and never know what true human closeness is supposed to feel like? justice when? fucking doctors bind down babies and savagely cut off their most precious tissue with no anesthetic? jews defend this shit for the masses instead of even just letting it stay within their religion? justice when? jail for perpetrators of this barbary when?
then gently and gradually reveal to her through your own story how brainwashed she is. this is the enlightened way to end ritual genital cutting: enlightenment.
* cut men are mostly unable to bring a woman to climax during intercourse. this is the primary reason behind all justifications for circumcision: controlling human sexuality.
Ending was disappointing, should have gunned kike down or at least smashed his face in with something heavy.
What did she mean by this?
Im so sick of this shit.
That poor dog.
I didn't know she was canadian
every fucking kike rat must hang
her kinship with Justin Trudeau
thats hot guy
She could be hot if she was more attractive.
I see you've got a bag full of rubbish in your passenger seat mate. Do you have a license to carry rubbish?
im terribly sorry everyone i clicked the wrong thread
Kek what.... couldn't we all.....
If she was someone else.
the devil lives in that womans mind.
That she has a dick
We really need these comedians from the early 2000s to drop dead...
is this the new "big if true"?
Dyke dog love is a special and beautiful thing - - FOR ME TO POOP ON!
I love her. I would let her piss straight down my throat.
one of these is not like the other. one of these is a JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
It means she is into bestiality DUUUHHHH
>JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Doesn't really affect anything else
Are you talking about the dog?
I'm sick of seing old bagel cunt, she's a witch.
i had a feeling you'd post that kek
i can't help but agree with your nonsensical statement
She would be in an oven.
It's OK anon we all make mistakes
Because you're like a 5 year old child. When faced with reality all you say is "MUH JOOOOS"...You know why? Because you're so inbred you don't realize how fucking evil jews are. You're on this fucking board to shill for example, you know why? Because you people are disgusting and evil and need a 24/7 365 internet army to defend every single fucking thing you do.

pic unrelated
Its Jewish comedy. Its never been funny
this just begs for an mspaint drawing


It means she can only get a dog.
whoa buddy. life of the part right here lol
on it!
Now she just comes off as evil.
Yes someone put a cock in her mouth and shit dropping drown from her. Maybe a strap on on her
"I'm Jewish *and* a woman"
she looks quite ridiculous as is. you could just trace the lines out and it would still be funny
Q predicted this
thanks. i have no artistic skill otherwise i'd give it a shot.

The ones big pharma can't profit off of, I mean.

She's so edgy..
It’s her kink

pol/ predicted you would be larpin here tonight.
I want her big fat nasty hairy fucking jew pussy right on my face.
Based Sarah Silverman drag that fucking snail trail right across my nose.
both their mouths are open. either one ready to do BJ
That's not a bag of rubbish, that's Sarah Silverman. The distinction is only academic, really.
I bet none of you have ever had the cool end of your ugly nose lightly trail through the slit of a hot fucking wet cunt. It's the god damn best thing ever.
You're soft as the left
I really want to rape one soon.
Poor old puppers just wants pets and baconz
Bigfoot is out there you know that he don't caare about his life of solitude
She could be hot if she was in the oven



People who aren't funny feel the need to "act" funny constantly. Sad!
> p.s. no other nation on Earth has what we have
every one i've talked to who served and is a friend tells me to never ever sign up for the military.
In the Marines, we called those guys, shitbags.
we're in peacetime right now. trust me, nobody gets deployed to war zones anymore, because there are no more war zones
No anon, I'm not excited to fight for kikes and sandniggers. Kys and sage this nigger thread.
You can littlerally kill people legally
Haven't you been an outstanding goy.
Marine combat troops are constantly being sent to Afghanistan.
I knew a guy in infantry OSUT who was 42. so you have a lot of time if you aren't fat or fucked up.
Currently in the Air Force. I'm just hoping the next war we get into is a good one and not another attempt to bring the light of American democracy to the sand people. Regardless, I'll still go; as you said, you do get to kill a lotta dark skinned people.
But you sound like a pussy faggot so of course you wouldn't like that.
>Yes goy kill more sandniggers to give (((them))) excuses to flood your homeland and Europe with even more (sand)niggers
Hey goy, how many sandniggers are flooding into your ancestral homelands in Europe. How about you go kill them and stop protecting kikes in the middle East.
Sure thing pagan nigger lover
currently active, stuck on a staff tour so i shitpost on /pol/ until i get to go back to real work.
29 is age limit to enlist. After than you need a waver, meaning a high PST score.
The air force kills many
Conservative Christians objectively make the greatest goyim. You go on ahead and fight the kike's wars for them while niggers fuck your wife. Godspeed soldier.

Lol, okay Soros troll faggots. You're the only ones saying Europe has a duty to take in refugees. I'm not saying they need to.
Yes goyim, die for Israel, Trump said that Israel is our greatest Ally, lets suck jew dicks like /ourGoy/
While I agree, that didn't have anything to do with what I said.
WTF is a PST?
Paganism is a fucking meme and no normal person identifies as a pagan anymore. Just liberals.
Tbh id rather kill illegal immigrants while in Border Patrol. You spics are almost as bad as sand niggers.
Physical Screening Tests. It's like the physical test, compared to the written ASVAB test
How many Russians died for Syria?
Pick one faggot.
Ok, so a physical. I don't remember it being a big deal.
As a marine you have done outstanding service to the Jewish people. I was merely saluting your dedication.
I am a 36 year old boomer
Which has more followers? Fag
At 30+ they make a big deal out of it.
I didn't do it for kikes. I did it because I like drinking, fighting, and fucking.
Lol!!!
You could die choking on a piece of toast, in a car accident with your hot engine jammed into you, or alone in your shit filled diapers at 90 years of age. And we don't go to war to die FOR anything - we kill the other motherfucker. If we do die, it was in an arena we chose to be in.
Keep it coming brother
I did five years in the Marines and got out only to find an israeli shill trying to convince unsuspecting anons to die for their ethnostate, despite not even being able to publically discuss establishing their own ethnostate without being socially ostracized/fired/expelled from college
Fuck everyone on this board and your crab mentality. Fucking losers. Keep jerking off to your tinfoil hat conspiracy bullshit, Trump is not on your side and is only out for his, and his people's best interests. You will also never get a QT 3.14 wife posting all day on a Guamanian belembaotuyan virtuoso board about how much Mexicans are ruining the country and DA JEWS DIS, DA JEWS THAT you stupid double digit IQ inbred faggots
last thread died quickly
Tz2Iyhno

Sin partner




Seems unlikely











Lol, naked banana.
can someone give this image the /v/ treatment?
Man, the French really let us down on this one.
Fresh off normie book. Not so funny as it is cringe.
they are French
Hype beast attention seeking dude marries sjw jew and it turns out she doesn't wanna procreate with a white man.
Haha, anon, where did you find this??


Great art but this is kind of cringe


I really really like this image. Do you mind if I save it?
Happy Hunting Dinko!



Oh somewhere online haha it just cracked me up


Me too! Save it, its all yours my friend :)
>not a knock-off






you fool, you've doomed us all
Yeah, this is pretty gay. Like, two penises touching tip-to-tip type gay.
Thanks asshole
t newfag condemns an older board culture because he prefer facebook frog spam
Except you and Japan fucked it up.
Happy hunting, Dinko. Also checked.
Laddie step outside the pasta alternative universe for a moment
Happy Hunting Dinko!
This is still image of the year





Happy hunting Dinko

So the ghost of Pinochet destroys Wakanda in WW3? Seems legit

Happy hunting Dinko!
lighten up, faggot


This mofo has a helicopter too! Happy hunting, Dinko!




I like you both still though.







Also hitler declared war on america because america basicly was already at war with us at that point anyways by sinking german convoys sending volunteers and guns and resources to the united kingdom, and whole exiled government thing where they "held them secure" and basicly denyed germany any funds




Its becuz the nigglet saw a nog hanging from the tree. Not growing. I finally get it now.
Nothing against you though good luck with your country and hope you crash the eu first
Fuck you
I think you’re gay but hey if making this type of shit prevents you from killing yourself who am I to stop you
it's strange, but over the years, my brain have chosen to burst in laughter rather to feel any sort of apathy to such kind of stories.
>jungle niggers have a mailman
Links, Videos, Infographs anything to make normies visiting this site to overdose on them.

luXlz6qA

I like how the first point is Women shouldn't have the right to vote lmao i was not expecting that. Hahaha
https://isgp-studies.com/index

QbPPFEHw
KDj_1vVU
Holy shit

Tm4ncWnY
BYrVsic4
Ij8C2Aek
Fao85vTs

commencing dump of what I have
https://youtu.be/r6mB5sEJUt4


Checked

o-the-weirdos-come-from/
george washington and king george III were the same person




Holy shit

kf3bajd4

ates-nationally
are commies from leftypol 99% of the time
Dont worry a disease will eventually hit that overpopulated cess pool
affirmative action was a mistake and this is why I hate boomers, and why I think more shootings should take place in nursing homes.

obligatory gamergate post. I'll call these types of redpills "chasers"
The country can easily be saved if we do just those 3 things.

PNFE4dJQ
Oy vey. What a coincidence.







here's a spooky for you guys



https://youtu.be/y3qkf3bajd4
Bad version, yours starts at number two, and the shitty meme ruins it.

zfGChGlE
never forget the weavers!


The economy will collapse
















Let the JIDF gaslighting commence...

>"Defamation" – Documentary about how acusations of anti-semitism are used as a JIDF tool to silence goyim who criticize anything related to jews.















it all makes sense now

_Iofr6ZQ


Tz2Iyhno


unknown flags



Subscribed, Good video dude






> bump



Jews hate nature and the natural order, because it's pure and beautiful, and also because it's bigger and stronger than they are, and they feel that they can not fully control it. Nature's beauty and harmony stands in stark contrast to their squalidness and ugliness, and that makes them hate it all the more. Jews are destroyers. They are anti-humans._BOBBY FISCHER

Theodore Kaczynski
been a disaster for the human race.
Checked
kalergi spengler uncle ted pareto it all forms a coherent view of the future.
and space, of the season and the climate.-KALERGI
Yepz i actually read his whole book "The Industrial Society and it Future".
B6G43XIk
All things organic are dying in the grip of organization. An artificial world is permeating and poisoning the natural. Civilization has itself become a machine that does, or tries to do, everything in a mechanical fashion.-SPENGLER
https://youtube.com/watch?v=j3Nzk1E
there will be no salvation from ourselves. every solution will stem from this fundamental worldview. the west cannot save itself its trapped into a framework of thinking.
The White Spirit will soon awaken
the west will kill the jews when the jews kill the west.

in essence thor and the world snake will obliterate each other





this is a good thread

Best red pill thread in a while with rare infographs.




Gaslight away...

hahaha even the black one looks Jewish


Can't read the date it's too blurry and the date is the most important part!








this is not a blackpill this is an awaking and partial view into some of the deepest layers of human life that so far evades definition into what it is and actually works and lacks even a uniform vocabulary.

I would say you are correct but the Jews certainly are speeding the process up.



Q predicted this



dIXgMGAI
indeed but you must also take into account that the jews are also suffering more from the same problems. it seems they are more advanced in the stages of decay. they are reaching the logical climax of worldview unraveling before us.
based picture
A more natural path will be followed. Oswald Spengler ignores for the most part that man follows a natural path regardless of what civilization he is in. However Spengler conveniently ignores this by claiming no connection can be made since these civilizations were in different era's, and humans natural tendencies were somehow magically different.
But it will be a damn good start
Check'ed
He's forgetting that we intentionally want to start a new civilization without Jews that would by default be fundamentally different.



A quick google search gives a hell of a lot more sources.
my favorite shills, they're so obvious
Antoher one of the shills tactics
Hey that's how I got redpilled, staring at the "illuminati" for so long I got bored and thought, oh hell, why not look into holocaust revisionism
Murica Pill
>Who do you believe?
Q predicted this
If Jesus really came down, it would be to start Apocalypse. The guy doing miracles and shit would be the Antichrist.
https://streamable.com/m2s3b
Even Hitler himself took some time before starting to solve in practice the JQ.
The Golden One will raise Thule and save Western Civilization, the system of German idealism will be completed.
Finally
>When will Trump finally get fed up with the jews
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Q predicted this
Delete.
I wish he would go full hitler, but even hitler was lenient with the jews.
/status/1025584134322892800


Q predicted this
Stay right on top of these scumbags and their treasonous asses Trump!!!!!!!

Q never said shit about Feinstein employing a Chinese commie spy as her personal driver for 20 years and then letting him retire with benefits
Last i heard she's up to like 95 million. you can just tell she's a smart investor
Pretty sure your'e responding to a bot.
Trump tweets are on fire tonight, what’s the story with this Chinese spy?
holy fucking shit
What a time to be alive
He's on a twitter rampage. I wonder if next week is gonna be huge.
Q predicted this
Oh. Just a shill.
I'm sure Jeff Sessions will find some reason why he's recused from a senator cavorting with a Chinese spy and I'm equally sure Rosenstein will find nothing wrong with a Democrat doing something like that.
God bless the President for exposing this
The only people who attack sessions and rosenstein are retards like George Webb and Jason Goodman. You're sub 100 IQ. Maybe a max of 90.
Pottery
Have fun dying to Iran and China and Russia and Saudia Arabia you dumb kike. We won't help..
Spoiler alert, Trump will do jack fucking shit about HRC, The Pedophiles, Diane (((Feinstein))), Any ((())), Jared Kushner or any ZOGGED shit. Because apparently pats on the head from Bibi are more important to him then making america great. At this point its unlikely there will be any 3d chess scenario where he steamrolls the Jews.
Feinstein’s husband has massive investment interests in China. This is fucking traitorous.
Russian Jacob Javitz conspired the destruction of US with open borders, immigration, and multiculturalism
Lot of (((Russian))) names there
Those are all fucking Jews.
Israel is different, somewhat. I don't think trump is a zionist or particularly gives a fuck about israel except for his ties to jews. there's only a very tiny chance he may push against them should the need arise.
Really makes (you) think

Israel won't exist by the end of this year retard.
>I'm pretty sure he was doing more than driving Mrs Feinstein
It's not news when CNN does it, it's not news when you fags do it.
Lordy!
Good ole' Don, saying she's colluding with Russia so people will rush to correct his "idiotic error" and say she's colluding with China, which is the point he wants to make.
SAVE CALIFORNIA! FREE THE LAND OF IT'S 29 YEAR OLD CURSE!
This is how this begins and ends. Trump may mention it at a few of his upcoming rallies, but that'll be the end of it. He won't actually do anything about it.
Why did you do this?
Big big if true
But what about the holocaust dawnald?
AcjyuV38

Called priming the pump
god you retards are pathetic
Hopefully now that Trump is demonstrating his interest we start to get more traction like how about a fucking name for this Commie chink spy fuck????
/qa/ predicted this
>"Asian Chauffeur"
Bluecheck outrage kek
Watch the thread now
They also soak these outlier women and say "/pol/ want to deport THIS" 50 times a day when in reality their women are disgusting overweight trolls
No. We are the most anti-spic posters on /pol/.
See guys
Mexican Andy kek
stay mad mohammed.
Thats a nice trick.
Yes, I have noticed this as well.
Can we turn this into a spic hate thread?
Another spic once again my theory is correct they literally stole your ""jobs"" of being white nationalist
They claim it is just bants to save face, but when you reply to them in spic talk as they insult you, the looks on their ugly faces is priceless. They even talk filth in front of their bean babies.
Yes please it's about time we exposed these ""white nationalist"""
Every Mexican should be fucked over the border. If they get caught trying to sneak over the boarder again they should be raped to death with their remains tossed over the border to the Mexican side.
Mexican Andy is a proud American.
That (s)pic is fucking disgusting man
That already happens
This! It's insane how retarded American posters are even for our /pol/ standards they try so fucking hard it's crazy.
Mexico should be nuked. Mexicans in the USA should be made to pay for the cost of the missile strike. Then deported anyway.
If so, clearly not enough.
Spic number 3 we are still counting Bois
No, worse happens
t. American (Mexican)
i agree. there's lots of american flags defending them in spic hate threads

America is really dead, like I am getting desperate to leave
(but they talk shit in an instant)
source: am mexi-american, and op is mostly correct, 22% of americans are hispanic, so pol is almost 1/4 spic
Based Mexican Andy
Inshallah!

Probably those so-called "white hispanics" that barely look 50% white and wish to be considered one of us
If you ever see an American flag defending shitskins at all, it's probably a nonwhite
Spic no 4 see Bois,
More like turning perfectly good land into shit like your people normally do. There is a reason people flee from spic territory, smell being one of them.
You are neither American nor Mexican.
Hello, fellow Aryans
Number 5 we keep tally these spics here
I hate Mexicans. Their food is shit, their women are shit, their culture is shit, and they bring a bad name to everyone who speaks Spanish. You know? I ate a burrito once and got food poisoning. I was vomiting for two whole months. Fuck Mexico.
They also seem to limited capability to think or plan for the future or delay gratification. If it's not RIGHT in front on them, it like doesn't matter or doesn't exist.
t. Texan
Well at least you don't larp
I don't even speak their language. I open carry and when spics speak spic I speak in tongues to openly mock them. Most of them get it. Seriously we need to deport everybody who doesn't speak English.
The United Khaliphate cuckold fears the Mexican, because in the Mexican runs the blood of the Reconquistadores. While all the pussy germanic homos stayed back in Spain, the real men, the ones that still weren't finished after expelling the muslims and jews from Europe, they set forth to expand and conquer. This terrifies the germanic-arab from the inbred island, because they know that sooner or later this Reconquistador blood will boil once again, now amalgamated with savage brutal Mesomerican warrior. Your time is over Ahmed Windsor, go hide under your queen's skirt faggot.

Holy shit is mexican andy acne that bad?
Whiter then you, Sholmo.
jesus fucking christ
Uh...no.
but kikes are literally whiter than spics. Do you realize that, you fucking shitskin?
and still you can only bitch about it on 4chan
yes the ones who are catholic or religious are most certainly non-white most likely spics or asian
Found the filthy kike, begone son of Satan.

I don't have to larp. I'm proudly brown and American living in a beautiful God forsaken island.
Reminder that natives are the most closely related to nords and all of those of indo-european origin. Rejecting them, is rejecting your abandoned brother.
They just don't understand science, only anecdote.
Insulting them in spic is great though. They get so fucking mad, it is hilarious. I wish smoking was allowed indoors so I could blow smoke in their faces after rattling off some roach Spanish as they mumble about a gringo who knows their bullshit language.
So it is the work of the wicked Jesuits and their Communist religion
Much like you, fernando. Go back to dbz
I legit see "Texans" all the time claiming Texas is a white state and when you point out it literally has a brown majority they will tell you their beaners are full Spaniards with no native blood.
hwdu was a real eye opener.
Ops pic is PEAK PERFORMANCE
Puerto Ricans: "Los gringos son tan hermosos, Dios mio. Esos ojos azules bellos!"
Stop using caucasoid in the context you're using it. Many non-whites are caucasoids, in fact over half of the caucasoids in the world are non-white.
You mean that a location that is less than 25% non-hispanic white was filled with non-whites?
puelto lico negrito sucking gringo pitito.
False.
>tfw i live in houston
Yeah. The spic infestation has gotten really bad here in the states. It's not even exaggeration or hyperbole. They're almost everywhere now. I hate referencing IQ, but you can definitely tell from interacting with them, that most are about room temperature (f) IQ levels.
what the fuck is that white thing?
wtf, does our border patrol literally lynch illegal border crossers? that's fucked up
yeah man spicks are really shitty people, they speak like mongoloids, they smell like shit, they look retarded, and their culture is tacky
Gringo in the middle.
In fact, quads and I’ll rape my cat.

rawlin for kitteh
rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrollin

t. Hacker known as 4chan
leave the cat out of this, methhead
Q predicted this
Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrollin
kill yourself lad.
Chessmate.

Thank you! Got me to switch to Fox news to see a Kiki dipshit get hit by a car! Fucking love ya! NoHomo
>The Laughing Gurl
God bless anon!
Tits or GTFO you know the rules
I wait here with baited breath OP
what is mouses name?
is that a smart doll?

Roollllllllllin
Some dude. Then the "woman in tech" stole his code
well done soldier
Abloobloo
it has been 20 mins you fucking cunt
Wilbur. His name is Wilbur anon.
The outfit was $120.
If this actually happens we're all getting our shit kicked in aren't we?
What a retard!
rollin for kitteh secks

Rolling Like I'm Bowling
> 20 mins southern hemisphere does not equal 20 mins in the northern hemisphere
Nigger tongue my anus
Excellent post, checking your digits

>1 American minute = 48 Australian hours
It was Niggers tongue not Nigger tongue.
I really dont want to wait that long
For a second I thought that was a sex doll but then I noticed that 50L bottle of alcohol and noticed it was just a doll.

Someone at the equator would be spinning faster that someone at the north pole so you would have some time dilatation, nothing detectable tho.
I can post these trips all night and you still wont deliver you larp fag
This I will roll for
If that's a 50L then it would be a big fucking doll.
haha. Smart fucker. I guess I didnt take differences of gravity into account either
Kgkyc7Qo


Call out the Jew explicitly as the enemy of mankind and to end all censorship on the internet.
Dan Harmon is that you?
The cat deserved it

Trips! Release the files!

KEK wills and declares: check out these quads!
I knew this would happen when they shut down the Men with Dolls forum.
No wonder the jews rule you.
Fuck it rolling
Rerolling

But I'm just a cat girl (male).

Kys yourself
Baaaaaammmmmmmmmmmmm check'em
Gross, here he is now
Uh'OhDoendoet
Power is a myth and Nazis are Jewish what did I roll?
trannies aren't women
GIVE UP THE EMAILS!!!
winrar
I hope this is fucking real. if not this is the best b8 i've ever seen
he won't because he was JUST PRETENDING TO BE REATRDED
- Melvin Frohike
Q predicted this
where it at OP. we're waiting
We ballin nigga
Good luck, anon.
I hate kicking cute cats...

Q predicted this
so. Is OP a faggot tonight?
Why do you make shit up /pol/? scared?

This is fine.
Nope, no struggle here.
> KANG
>tfw you will have to see the insufferable retard hailed as a heroic figure for the rest of your life because you're the same age
This old raisin has been in 1993 and he's complaining about too much young competition? I fucking love it. It's not enough that Dems divide themselves on race, sex, and sexuality, go piss off all the young lefties too. Beautiful.
>always do the opposite of what Bart says
she's actually doing something with her life and is inspiring tons of people to make the world a better place. you're a fat nerd posting on 4chan on friday night.
lol there obviously is. It's just not super explicit yet. There is in the GOP too but the Trump faction has pretty much won decisively by now. The left wing factions can probably cooperate good enough right now but if they lose in November, shit will hit the fan. Berniecrats and progressives will follow through on making their own party because they believe that the reason Dems lose is because they are too much like the GOP and Americans actually want Democratic socialism but just don't know it. The non-whites are going to blame white people again and double down on making the Democratic party the party of brown like a lot of them already claim it is ( "we don't need white people in the Democratic party" - some black woman that ran for DNC chair). The centrists in the rust belt and purple states don't want the party to go either of those direction because they need white working class votes. I don't even know what the DNC establishment will do. They're stuck doing a generic anti-Trump thing because it's the only thing that unifies their factions but they're going to have to pick an actual ideology at some point which will inevitably alienate a large portion of the party
Centrist my ass.
>t. Former Democrat
so there is a civil war
The Dems most certainly are still in a state of civil war and it will explode in 2020.
trying to become a career politician and what else?
Centrist Democrat reporting in, duck progressives
The basic split will be White America against globohomo browns.
Dems, however, have a way harder ideological divide to bridge and more factions. Good luck.
serving the community that she loves and trying to undo some of the bullshit injustices that affect it
Have they not figured out memory holes are just making us pay more attention yet?
That’s just the thing. Both parties DID have civil wars, but the GOP’s is essentially over, and the Dems is just warming up. They are totally fucked.
>tfw we start getting beefsteak Nazis on our side
I mean look at shit like the NYT Sarah Jeong hire. How does the NYT think this does anything but completely destroy their brand as well as proving the Richard Spencer’s of the world 100% correct. Do they not realize that people notice this shit? Do they think we are actually that dumb not too?
Like what? Having to work? Paying taxes? I'm gunna run now on a staunch anti commie stance in my red state just so I get to be the one to napalm her revolution.
Care to make a bet on that happening?
Her city is garbage because it's ran by left-wing con men like her.
KANGED.COM
Sure, maybe boomer normies can’t pick up how immigration is actually an anti-white policy, but they most certainly understand what someone means when they say “Cancel White People”. The left has become waaaaaaaaay too overconfident and explicit. They are marching themselves to their own destruction.
I'd give 2 years, maybe 5.
Its not our problem if moderate democrats are getting even more tired of their shit
Illegal immigrants don't even usually compete for the same jobs as citizens or legal immigrants.
It's a comedy show!
t. another former democrat
fuck off
Seems legit
We are living in the Soviet Union and headines must be reversed.
The irony.
Why hire legal immigrants for $15/hr when you can hire illegals who can do it below minimum wage, especially if they won't be removed by a pro-illegal immigration left wing politician? This is one of their bad ideas and that's why she won't make a difference.
HAH! They're denying it, that's as good as a confession.
Let's remember that pundits and politicos have been predicting that Democratic Civil War since the day after the 2016 election. More than a year and a half ago they started writing their articles being careful to leave blank spaces intended for the applicable proper nouns. Those articles and the narrative they intended to set were saved in the clouds of those journalists' choosing for more than a year and a half. It was looking like those articles were not going to be published. Thank goodness for one upset primary victory in an election won by 5000 votes with incredibly low turnout in a congressional district the size of your thumb where most voters probably couldn't name their congressman and a district who's demographics have changed.
I mean why else would she need to say this?
The fact that you were even stupid enough to make a fucking thread about this really cracks me the fuck up. Clearly there is massive division on the left, you faggots don't even have a candidate for 2020 and a fucking abdul is definitely never going to do it. Enjoy your irrelevancy for the next 60 years, dipshit.
Latinas are basically living in dog years. Shes around 50 in white women years. 75 in Asian.
Stfu nigger faggot
Legal immigrants go for high skilled positions via their visas. Illegals do unskilled work that Americans won't do. The wage depression doesn't matter for citizens cause it doesn't impact them because they don't do those jobs, you'd think you should be glad they don't get paid like citizens would.
What is happening to our country, it's bad enough these people are here why are we putting them in positions of power?
There's definitely a rift on the left. How many times have we heard Neo-Liberals (Clinton supporters) blame the Green Party (Jill Stein) after the 2016 election?
It will work this time.
are they going back in time?
lol, see you in Iran son fellow goyim
Checked and all of the whites with survival instincts are leaving en masse
Yes it does. Wage depression affects everyone. Legal Americans may do those jobs if the wages are sufficiently high, but we won't know when Democrats are flooding the country with their slaves.
>t. Democrat (Hillary voter)
It is NOT her turn!
Very good post.
You mean like how Republicans in '86 gave amnesty to millions of illegals? There were more deportations under Obama and Clinton than Trump (so far) or Bush.
she's insane bro

is the one who engineered it by working to undermine centrist Democrats during the Bush administration so she could consolidate her own power.
if you can't do it, you know nothing
The reason the party is moving left is because we just lost a major election, and anybody with two brain cells in their heads could see it was because the establishment democrats no longer stood for anything in any meaningful way. Coincidentally the Pelosi’s and the Schumer’s of the world are pissing their pants, as well they should be
Anyone who still thinks the dems are fighting each other are delusional, its salty old men who are whining but make no mistake the democrats of 2018 are much different then the democrats of 2016.
It is now official. The Democrat party is now a full blown far left party of socialists and communists. Based.
Uh huh
>posting OPINION
Fucking wot?
>tfw dems are literally reduced to a former convince protecting his leadership spot from a young roasting with no political experience.
There is no cohesion among them regardless, they only care to be in the party as long as there are gibs to be had.
Duck you faggot. Back to rddit
Omg she is cute AF :3
>progressive and centrist
Why is she in my state?
and sage
I don't discriminate at this point. You're all a bunch of commi faggots who get the rope.
She succeeded in winning a meme election so suddenly her opinion is now the gold standard in Democrat victory to the point where morons will pay money to listen to her speak.
Adding that a lot of people don't realize 2016 was the first election millenials actually became a reliable voting population. Everything that made this election special is inherent in the politics of millenials, and will be imbued in American politics for the next 50-60 years. On top of that, millenials will be the single largest generation unless something drastic happens, so expect the the next american half century to be more trump vs bernie, except even more than it already is once boomers pass.
There is. And if the centrists win, the Ds will die. They'll be unliked and irrelevant.
Not yet anyway, it will happen though, with each outburst the progressives make, it drives the centrists away bit by bit.
where are the blogs?
>Abdul for governor
I am 100% certain I have paid much more in taxes than AOC personally. I am a better socialist than her.
your ideology is a graveyard
Yeah, all the centrist Democrats have walked away. The Democrats are now the party of insane people.
fuck off cunt.
The party is basically dead and will have to turn into something different to survive
But if they lose, they get commies that America won't vote for.
Literally sitting in a chair and jerking off is actually more productive than what she's doing
False flag incoming. Don't go to school, Monday.
twFKdrg0
Well duh. You're either a die hard far left liberal or a Trump supporter. It's that easy.
Her Highness HRC literally said she lost because she was too capitalist.
where is the Bagdad Bob image

> ABDUL FOR GOVERNOR
Poor kid wants off this ride already.
I’m so tired of this whore. If the media ignored her she would be irrelevant in a week. Even conservative media is propping her up
he gives for example lip service (lol) to commy cortez but funds the typical demotard elite giving nothing to party splitting far leftists.
Dear Lord
So at this point, the opposite of everything written by the press can be assumed to be true.
Jesus, they really weren't held to their own standards, were they? How can you be in the public eye and not have a built in sense that stops you from using a phrase like that ?
This bitch looks like she was in lesbian vampires from Neptune. She has to take it in the ass from niggers.
Cortez is the kind of nationally un-palatable, out of touch-with-reality "resistor" that not only has opposition within the Democrat party, but will be Shattered like pottery by even mediocre Republican/conservatives. Outside of New York city, Cortez, her message and behavior is hair-raising, gag inducing self indulgency and minority glad handing that will polarize Conservatives into steadfast solidarity against her socialist message. She will divide and destroy the democrat party better than any conservative could EVER hope.. She is a wild hypocrite, condescending and stand-offish to anyone not "of color" or 'socially oppressed'. This is a totally un-electable, psycho-left, minority cry baby that will NEVER be able to export her message or garner sympathy outside of megalopolis's on the Nations coast. she can be spouting nonsense about no borders and abolishing ICE while normal Democrats in purple/red districts are running way to the right of her. But in 2020 they are going to have to settle on a single message. And then the tension between their pragmatic side and the increasingly unhinged socialist side are going to have a showdown that will make Sanders v Clinton look like child's play.
it's young vs old and obsolete
I find it impossible to believe even a single word written in the press.
I'm not scared of the left. I pray for a civil was so we can end you
They will for some price. If it isn't worth paying it isn't worth doing
If they are insecure about it that they feel the need to say there is no civil war there, it's probably because there is one.
Party leaders are surprised the party is being taken over by the monster they created. Some white democrats will be turned off by the increasing anti white rhetoric, and they’ll stay away from the polls. Some will turn Republican.
I disagree with this. The Republican bosses I think are waiting with to see how the mid term election goes before they act. If the midterms are good they back Trump in 2020. If not they pull a rebellion and we hear them say "never Trump" for 2 years. At worst this could split the Republicans just as badly as the democrats currently are.
Everything in your post is wrong, but especially the “Obama deported more people” line. Obama changed the definition of “deportation” to include “caught and turned away at the border”. He didn’t actually deport anyone who made it inside of the US.
Hypocrisy in the right is fine, they're not scared of looking like assholes sometimes, but hypocrisy in the left? It's unacceptable. You're actively destroying it and you don't get why.
https://abdulformichigan.com/
This claim coming from a commie.
You're right, it's not a civil war. It's a chasm.
I hope that child back there isn't kidnapped by that demon in the focus of the shot.
I was a delegate at the RNC in Cleveland in 2016. On the second day (I believe) there was a brief scuffle on the floor where a few delegates took an anti-Trump banner to the front of the chamber and tried to use some procedural bullshit to block him. The roar and ire from the crowd in the stands (alternate delegates and guests) was so tremendous that they actually fucked off before they could be removed. If there are any Gen Xers here, it was reminiscent of the “Yeltsin on a tank shelling the Duma” moment - there was an attempted coup and the plotters were scared shitless. The GOPe didn’t have the stones to truly fight Trump, but then again, the Democrats and the Media had castrated them long ago, so it’s not really a surprise.
>woah like this party made up of multiple minority groups that normally hate each other is tearing itself apart woah like who could have seen that man
the fact that they even have to write this. dont look behind the current goy nothing to see here
There's no evidence behind pic related, is there?
No we are fucked



Isn't the whole point of living longer to fuck more anyway





These are some of the worst slide threads on /pol/
It has been 27 days since I have jacked off.
Turn off the memeflag you retard
Stay strong brothers.
No, you are going to see my swiss flag.
that all just means you should spend your time fapping and ignoring actual sex.
Try it. 30 days is a nice round number but I tell everybody to just try for 3 weeks. It is unbelievable how great you feel. After 21 days you think about porn/jacking off and the instant realization is "I'm free". Feels great.
https://imgur.com/a/g4eGH



the choice is fucking obvious here.....
Pic is Obama's mother
That's bullshit but I believe it.
It’s true. All of it.
Alone against all the jews (a.k.a The United States of Israel, rothschild's bitch AFrance, and the kikes bankers of England.
Fuck off nigger, this shit is real.
https://youtu.be/MvfZnCNFPJQ

cringe
r16ilgIo

I didn'r masturbate for 4 months straight once, and I noticed no difference whatsoever. Maybe this just effects beta males.


Stop shilling your autism. I don't watch porn, but I masturbate when I don't have a gf and I'm infinitely more happy and successful than any of you. If the human body could differentiate between sex and masturbation no sperm would be released in the first place.
And you have to take into account the state of the said dopamine recepotrs and androgyne receptor (for testosterone so)
There's only study that counts and that your own
>There's only study that counts and that your own
found the nigger. the point of a long life is to insure the security of your offspring's offspring.
But keep jacking off, that's nothing to do with me lmao
Please don't use words you don't understand the meaning of. Do you even have a GCSE?
is that out of kellogs auto biography?
>you admire his elastic masturbation
According to this, I should have some big fuckin' tits by now
how do I not fap and not talk to women?
what if you're nutting in your wife every 2-3 days? still a negative effect?
A man needs to cum every few days. Either through sex or masturbation. If he doesn't he's going to end up sexually frustrated, with all the negatives that entails.

modern life has left us too sedated, soft and weak. we need to be frustrated.
I will continue on for the Fuhrer the greatest nofapper of all
Why even bother asking for more evidence when you can do it yourself at no financial or health expense?
It's from "Virile powers of superb manhood"
Based and redpilled
I jerk off a lot. After seeing pic related, now I comprehend the cause of what my doctor described as a calcium deficiency. I am going to try NoFap and my first step will be deleting every pornographic image from my technology.
yea, i'm sure the laws of nature only apply to a small subset of humanity...................

you can know for certain any time you hear these words that the polar opposite is true.. nobody in a good place in life feels the need to say such things
Phoneposting fucked up my reply
We are programmed to spread our seed.. we *strive*, to do so.. after we do so, we lose some *strive*.. its profoundly simple, only muddying the waters with ((complexity)) can destroy this pure truth
Serious question too: how the fuck do you deal with blueballs and the pain.
>4chan is one person
Willpower and exercise
A4VQ8ZzE
While this may be true it also misses the point that some men simply have it way easier. Some men got to have sex as young as 13 years old. Meanwhile the incels as that picture mocks masturbate in the first place because they have a difficult time forming meaningful relationships with even other males let alone females. They are social outcasts so of course they are going to spiral down into miserable lifestyles with miserable habits.
You are going to fail so often, probably for 2-3 years before you figure out how to resist/route lust. If you have been fapping all your life.
Lifting and squatting makes me hornier. Also I am disabled atm and it will be months until I can exercise again. Im spending too much time in the computer as a result and Im bombarded by lewds everywhere in this autism simulator forum.
This right here, since when is fucking your wife a sign of an unhealthy man?
idk how many people know this, but you can cum without ejaculating if you press into your gooch area. WHich is why I don't think the issue is semen retention it is the orgasm in general. which also probably means you can masturbate just not orgasm. it's probably really hard to do though
Outside for procreation, yes.
When doing nofap I have just learned to keep scrolling when you see a lewd pic. That's all there is too it, don't let your gaze settled on the pic, don't examine it in detail. Just keep scrolling.
The greatest pitfall of modern society/science has been thinking there is no cost to sexual gratifications. That its all free and unlimited. There is a reason why more sexually conservative societies tend to be more patriarchical, and the more liberal more feminine.
I realised I could fap everyday with no negative benefits if it was a quick 30-60 second job rather than the 30minute marathons I used to do.
Bread&Circus&Sex is the tactic to keep us obedient and weak.
Try not eating for 2 days as an American. The sugar withdrawals will near drive you insane.
I have sex every day, doesn't this have the same effect as masturbating every day?
>Done both, every day
But oh well:

It all sounds very arbitrary. Has anyone done a real study on this? Something with a fap group, a group having regular sex, and a group abstaining? It seems like a big community based around conjecture, anecdotes and pseudoscience.
What about edging? What if i beat my dick, but I dont actually finish, i only get close, but never actually expel my semen??
Your body knows when you're touching yourself and isn't going to have that response that counters the negative effects of ejaculation. Try it yourself
tinence-part-3-chemistry.htm
4bJNpch0
then you are wasting your time kek
Nice trips
Now you know the source of his high energy.
Stopped reading there, retard
Do NOT masturbate, you fucking degenerates !
yeah, it's also to suck mahommet's dick in your case.
u mean u guys arent permanently soft as a ripe pear? i know i am.
You know how I know that nofap is verifiably healthy and of great worth ? It is really fucking difficult !
Also too many geniuses in the past have sworn by the magic of celibacy for it to just be a meme.
Kinda agree, but even before I went through puberty (and ejaculation) I had experienced depression. Yet, I was very much nofap when I was 14 and got ridiculous wet dreams, plus I felt more confident. Then when my parents got separated, I started masturbating to cope and have wrestled with it since then. I’ve always felt the fapping made me feel worse but depression is more complex than just jerking.
Fapping makes everything more worse. The seed afterall creates life, there is no equivalent of it. Wasting it is harmful. Conserving it is life itself.
I refuse to read that in this format. Someone has to write all of this on 4chan and then make a screen cap of it because it's unbearable.
What did you mean by this?
Also, I can still bang girls right? Just don't play with yourself?
Do you have a loicence for that, samefag?
Read and saved. I have known for ahwile I needed this, I am going to do better.
This type of stuff makes me weary of nofap. I'm guessing that the truth is somewhere in the middle. Mystics and Occultists swearing by it makes me even more weary. All the famous people swearing by it makes me weary. These are people who also sell you the "be your own god" bs. "reality manipulation" Like you can fucking change reality like a demigod. If it was more grounded in realistic terminology and not occult ideas and using the kundalini shit maybe I'd buy it. But this and other things seem to be selling me an idea that I don't necessarily agree with. Porn should be avoided or at the very least consumed at a bare minimum. I was never a huge fan of hardcore porn anyway. Masturbation should be avoided but apparently your body starts expelling semen in sleep anyway. Masturbation every once in awhile probably isn't that bad. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe we shouldn't masturbate or watch porn period. But I still think the nofappers oversell it as some super power shit. It's a meme and it cropped up very recently as a "thing" like MGTOW. Sure, people have sworn by it, but these are (((Celebrities))) and celebrities sell all different types of bullshit. Hegelian Dialectic. PMO or nofap choose one and only one. Nothing can be in the fucking middle anymore. You're either a porn addicted degenerate goblin or an ubermensch demigod reality wizard. It's just selling occult bullshit to me.
The good old days, before flags
Not only that, his sack will explode.
flags are useless
Our Hiro
All that is said is conserving the seed makes you healthier/stronger/happier. This was accepted mainstream science before the sexual liberation era. Of course, when some super inventors like Tesla pretty much credited their creativity and brain power to their celibacy, you get memes too.
i haven't jerked off for 5 days coz i'm saving my load for my slut when she comes over later today. i feel no different to jerking off 3 times a day
Om namah shivaya
I make 6 figures and we have 3 kids who will be homeschooled by my super red-pilled wife... like what more do I need to be doing for the hwite race?
Yep. Much of modern science starts with the desired outcome of the corporate or governmental masters who give the grants or pay the salaries. He who controls the purse strings controls science.
If you are white, it's great news.
Congratulations brother, you've truly made it, despite what anybody ever says. I just hope you're white.
I am Scottish & French Canadian.
I get what you're saying, and agree for the most part, but why on earth would it make you weary? After all, there's literally nothing to lose in practicing nofap. You never feel accomplished after masturbation. Or did you ever say to yourself "man, that was worth it" ? Especially regarding porn, it's something that humans have never in our history done before, and have yet to fully in even start exploring its negative effects. Fast internet literally just arrived, so it's a fallacy to think that jacking it to porn daily is normal. Any of our ancestors would see that.
(hi CSIS/FBI, stop reading my posts)
move the seminal fluid up the spine to the brain where it belongs, faggot
Yoga was created by Patanjali to do just that. Meditation or praying to God accomplishes that too.
Yes. The time I heard my load launch and it roped on my face and over my shoulder was worthwhile over my
Would unironically nofap for 360 days for this.
maybe you should think about why you're turned on by 2d girls and finally kill yourself
they don't actually do that anymore. pacquiao was said to have and then marquez khtfo
there are far more factors at play than jerkin off ya fuckin retard. this is why it's so hard to take these threads seriously. every negative thing is associated with porn and masturbation. yeah the fertility decrease is not because of the shitty diets, or overworking at a desk where you are immobile for the majority of the day or the lack of physical activity in general, or the fact that most people are constantly underrested and don't get nearly the amount of sleep they need, it's not because of the electronic devices we use everyday for hours on end, it's not the pollution in the air or the fact that we ingest untold amounts of plastic particles by using plastic bottles, cups, trays etc. no, it all has to come down to fapping. it's just so fucking stupid
youtube link for a pleeb?
its just gotten to the point that women don't deserve to be fucked.
I'm gonna go balanced and retro; laying off poisonous food, using 'puters only when required, getting more active, cutting back on jerkin the gherkin, reading the Good Book more often, etc.
Everything worth anything is difficult to acquire.
this is the real reason they shill this. they are muslims
Look at all the cummies posters desperately trying to justify their addictions. Sad!
Q predicted this
It was truly a surreal, but uplifting experience. I've never met a man so animated against these bloodsuckers in my life.

good copypasta btw
*pretends tabula rasa is science*
You have no idea how bad things are are about to get
>racist niggers
What relevance does Budweiser have except it it goes bankrupt or something?
Did a big wig drop an N bomb?
Of the big name beer brands, I like Bud the least. Coors and Rolling Rock are better.
Isnt Budweiser owned by one of the two or three massive alcohol distribution conglomerates now?
buy or sell?
Is alcohol bluepilled?
short or long?
No. It gets people to open up and socialize.
owned by Bud but please, continue being this retarded
The one eyed horse, pic related.
Sell as much as you can
always.
How much did the rabbi pay you to say that?
So what the fuck are on about? What is going to happen?
Nothing Abdul.
Beer has saved many lives.

ok so stop being a pretentious faggot and tell us why the fuck you made this thread.
Everything but wine
#BuHao
What is in leafland economic future?
Typical.
Is Q legit?
Yuengling is what's up (as far as them types go anyways)
Also don't use 4chan for insider trading your glowing nigger.
Double KEK
War with Iran? Nukes?
what are they doing to us? they are using chemicals on us arent they?
This is a unique larp.
Why post here instead of /biz/? Is it b/c you are an fagit?
Is it true the execs at Bud have given up trying to fight weed? How are they trying to pair the two together. I hear that's the talk at the corporate level, anyway.
forget q, the new anon is w anon
I heard that a large batch of bud light platinum was contaminated with ligma. How much product is contaminated?
LOL, fake and gay. At least try harder. Snow is half owned by SAB/Miller. That sale would take months if not years to complete.
that is Q you stupid nigger
and the place will be laying people off cuz normie fags won't buy beer from pedos?
T. "Craft" brewer
Also, crazy legs lost the battle (technically)
Also, can we get a nice Cream Ale?
you cunt
What advice would you give to a 27 year old veteran with a meme college degree?
KYS while you can
Why are you weirdos so focused on pedophilia?
Yuengling's the best cheap swill for sure. I live in the Midwest and they don't distribute here, but I always buy some if I go east.
what's going to happen to smaller breweries recently acquired like karbach and lonestar and shit?
Midwest too - Cleveland, we got it everywhere if you happen to be unfortunate enough to be in the area
I'm a fan of letting the market settle things; to the point where I think we should have let the Airlines fail after 9/11.
orly? How far west do you have to go to miss out on yingling? It's genuinely almost impossible to go wrong with it for a cheap beer?
#KeepOnFaggin
Also WTF triple captcha
The seniors smelled trouble but the recent hires (niggers) thought the bots were cool
Anything I should be concerned about if I want to try this.
ancient recipe unearthed to compete with the onslaught of IPAs
#GetDrunkerFaster
Speaking of IPAs, what's the deal with overly hoppy beer of late?
Americans have 0 taste in beer. Get real ya fuckin yanks
lmfao!
but seriously this
being this retarded on a global scale
What will happen to the horsies?
Bud cant even get into the Canadian Marijuana sector, stfu you faggot.
They only distribute their beer within a certain distance of their breweries because this keeps transport costs lower and spoilage rates down.
he's here to stay
Is it true that BUD has been fixing every superbowl since 1973?
t. Home Brewer.
traffic
its Q5ob57/Z
Coors is superior
Cus not only does Budweiser taste like fucking shit, it's also a rice-beer. Hence why it's rice piss you fucking pleb
you missed the plot
It's economics leafbro. I can drink ten Rolling Rocks for 5 bucks, one six pack of Molson is 8 bucks.
Im Audi
Wait you have inside information that BevMo owns Starbucks and Coca Cola–Nestle?
I can provide GE Appliance leaks but be forwarned they're Chinese leaks since we're owned by Chinks now.
Narragansett or gtfo
bad in what way? also your beer sucks.
Is Inbev concerned that ball corp has cornered the can market in NA.
where in the midwest do you live? I'm from Cleveland (as I said before), we have it here, also I lived in Memphis and they sold it there. So i'm curious where abouts you are that they don't have it. Sounds argumentative but I don't mean it that way
confirmed LARPing faggot. i'm a bar manager in texas, these breweries got bought out by bud because of our fucked up distribution laws that made them sell out to avoid paying an extortion tax to the distrubutor monopoly. get fucked fag.
Fuck off Kerr shill
What kind of asshole came up with the freedom beer promotion? If I sell a case worth of that shit yall only give a dollar to charity, what kinda shit is that?
Budweisser is expensive for the cost. They consider themselves to be categorized in the premium beer section when in reality their ingredients and flavor are really basic and offputting. In other words, it's barely a fucking beer. You can get budget beers better than that fucking rice piss.
Is it true that air bud was inspired by budweiser?
Bro he's claiming that InBev owns Pepsi and Starbucks. Also that he is Audi. He's already achieved orgasm during his quasimasturbatory fantasy and is now just killing time until the thread dies.
Nice b8 m8 4/10
Name your dogfood serving bar and I'll be there by Midnight tonight to shove a spork up your American hick ass
Audi as in "I'm outta here."

when is the prohibition ale coming back?
Repeal has been back since April you fucking autistic birth defect
How is that b8?
Who's got that pic. of Trump athe table with 6/8 nogs?
If you're black in America, you want to work for Bud
this isnt it retard
Whaaaa not enough gobs.
you killed bass ale you fucker
corona is owned by the same company as bud, LARPing faggot
Comparatively to other beer based charities, its almost nothing.
I enjoyed this.
Oh and btw, shocktop gets its flavor from a premixed powder, like kool-aid
>up to date on "beer based charities"
fucking homo
Not him but we don't have it in Wisconsin. Never heard of it until going to Florida. I like that it's on tap everywhere down there because sometimes nothing on tap is good and you can always get that. Wisconsin probably is the best state for beer though so I don't miss it.
Drinking to get drunk is bluepilled crutch tier babyshit that prevents men from rising above their hardships without a dependency. Jews love dependent people.
i'm at handle bar, 5th and brazos, austin tx, 78701. come get some before TABC get's it. it's 10:48pm here, you have an hour before midnight tonight.
pud me in sgreengab ;DDDDDDDDDDDDD
What are the initials of the guy who is in charge of all the a/b breweries??
It trips me out that Texas has the same time zone as Midwest. Seems like it's so far away.
yea WI has some good ass beer.
Yeah, say your prayers while your can
Why does this stuff give me raging liquid shits now? Bought some randomly after not having it in years and it was like mild food poisoning after a few.

i'm here almost every day of the week. stop in, ask for will. i will buy you a round and then fuck your ass up for being a fraud.
why did write not good in pinyin
#YouChoseTheWrongOne
hahahahahahaahhaahhahaahaaha
i posted a response 3 minutes ago, captain oblivious.
don't dox yourself bro - you never know who these faggot ass LARPers are
Stop dick tickling with your bf and tell me why this this turns my asshole into a super soaker 5000.
cant be any worse than your beers
Projection much? IPAs are good. Maybe you should just stick to fruity wine coolers.
Yup this dude sounds like a larp. If he isn't he could tell me who supplies cans for Bud.
Where can I buy Bud Ice?
my fucking sides
>#4 chin redemption
I prefer Guinness Extra Stout now, though I did drink Yuengling for years.
nah i'm good. i've been doxxed a few times and dealt with people getting 86'd more than i can remember. plus i know too many people to have anyone come fuck with me. this guy is lying and won't do shit.
Spotted the newfag. Please lurk more before posting. Thanks!
Try a German wheat beer if you don't like the taste of hops.
Why? Will just got free advertising for his bar and now if somebody has the balls to go in and ask for Will and mention the bud thread maybe he'll get a free drink or something for the lulz.
How do I profit from this
Because you don't live in a decent ghetto.
Well done.
Someone post the 300confirmed rapes podesta pedo copypasta
Would be a shame told China to go fuck itself over the ZTE thing. I'd love to watch China break apart, it'd be like watching history repeat itself in real time.
O yeah' maaaan stout is "the" kind. amirite? amirite.....(crickets chirping)
So are you fucks planning to buyout some nice microbrews to get into that game? Or are you going to stick to your toilet water?

pic related agrees
t. drunk
(((I)))
Should I drink IPA or vodka tonite?
#Pwned
Op is a larp, he probably works there though. Bud is done though, crappy adjunct beer.
here in mexico they are not
>mexicans regarding anyone as non human
Really? That seems weird. What did Russia ever do to Mexico? Did these countries ever interact before negatively? Seems like a strange and random country to consider subhuman
search about alexey makeev and what he did here
In my country they are considered super-human brainiac hackers and the worst enemy of all mankind.
Yeah, like you neckbeard.
Are there any other examples?
hhaahaha, russians cant even feed themselves properly
Cause it's the first circle of hell.
mexican apes aren't human
how about the russians who migrated to baja norte, in early 1900's? the built some good businesses there near ensenada
no he was not mentally ill, he was just a crazy scumbag
What would a Mexican have against Russians?
zvTNAYOrwTqnNMZOAOl9w/videos
Alextime fought like Spartan and even faced with multiple hundreds of shitskin savages he still managed to kill one of them and stayed alive. Beaners BTFO.
Lol we think the same about you taco bender.
russian scum
>Surenos btfo
It is longer, probably between 4 and 7 minutes, and you can hear some snare in it.

There were no winners in that whole affair, except for maybe Vladimir Putin


they brought AIDS and a civil war to your country, sorry
slavs in general are considered subhuman here. especially polish people
half asiatic mongoloids

>mfw thought it was a Drachenlord wojak
Don't talk to spics. They're not human.
This. The guy is a gentle giant. Little dick beaners took shit too far and got stomped for it.
That happened because our authorities are stupid
t. negroid/amerind mutt
You're all stupid.
Putinbot
And don't you forget it.
Lol Native Americans are 60% East Asian.
thats how russians treat their babies
Keep projecting you jungle nigger. The video is clearly shitskins.
-killing-eating-30-Russia.html
There are way worse and more numerous cases of shit like this in beaner land.
>are the russians considered human in your country?
burn this shithole
are you actually trying to convince people that Mexico is not a more than average dangerous place?
Jesus, shitskins are less than subhuman.

/pol/ doesn't like anyone as more as Polacks, you dumb summerfag.
st-regions-62237
He ended up really pathetic though.
You tell me.
Still blonder than you though mutt
Is he still in the hospital
Mexibro you can't swing up the ladder and win, you have to kick down. Attack Africans, or even Brazil you imbecile. Shit almost every country south of yours.
russians are considered humans. Mexicans, on the other hand, are just cheap landscaping equipment.
Russians are just white niggers
but you're just a nigger
He's in jail performing in plays.
Yeah SHE'S Getting Fired Boys. He Really is/ourguy/ isn't he? Full retweet
AHAHAHAHA
lol no shes not, the fact that trump is trying to take her down probably just gave her more job security

I NEED GOGGLES THIS IS INTENSE.

you live in a fantasy world
Exactly, now she'll have job security but end up dying from some fluke ailment/incident due to the Trump curse. Get that collage primed guys, we got a new one to add soon.
>Be Israeli shill
If not death, she will get knocked down a peg hard.
well, where's the pics of her cute feet?
May I see the collage as is?
"NEW YORK TIMES - THE RACIST NEWSPAPER"
trump supporters are the best of the shabbos goys
Seriously if you've even had a whiff of crazy banana taint you'll know how insane they get online. She's gonna have more dirt out there and it'll just keep help undermining her "cause".
You have no legit argument leaf shill.
This is the new york times not some type of public government position, and they hate trump and don't mind taking a loss from conservatives so put two and two together.
AHAHAHAHHAAA
Trump really really needs to take more advantage of this situation. He's always going on and on about the failing NYT, well here's his opportunity to kill it and all he does is send out a lousy retweet that doesn't even address Sarah's most heinous statement that she wants to see a race of people go extinct.
I am confused by this phrase
What does this mean, what will happen
this means he will get retweets from 30k trump supporters on twitter
He doesn’t have to go overboard, a simple tweet from him has plenty of power. Defeat your enemies with the least amount of work possible.
Don't exactly know yet. The whole Sarah Jeong thing is probably unknown to most people except us and a few journalists, now the President is directly calling it out, we'll see.
Nothing, now she'll just get more oversight on headlines for clickbait shit. Soon other news will follow, Fox will hire some cuck from here, etc. Fucking editors.
It's going to be more than that. The journalists are unlikely to ignore this Trump tweet even though it is in their best interest to bury it.
The Failing New York Times on suicide watch.
Also, this gook is just another Anita Sarkeesian. She talks shit, but behind closed doors she's a filthy whore. I'm talking piss, slapped, choked, etc etc.
What did Satan mean by this?
tatus/1025432141654454273?s=09
What was the circulation time of this from /pol/ to Donald Trump's twitter feed? A few days, maybe?
Yellow on the outside, White (as in she acts like a whiny White thot) on the inside. It's like "wiggers" for Asians, or the reverse of a weeb. Taint - you should know that one kek
Crazy Asian girls raised in Western society whose daddies were too busy to be around them are absolutely nuts. I'm saying she's gonna have more skeletons in her closet.
I’m really glad to hear that, but why stop there? She needs to be made completely unemployable to the point where the only work she could find is saying “you want fries with that?” We need to make an example out of her, it’s the only way the anti-white bullshit will ever stop
The reaction will be leftists openly supporting a blatant racist's opinions while the center and the right see what lengths they'll go through to defend their own
t. footsexual ally of asian women exclusively
There is no way in hell American public opinion will allow her to remain. Trump just focused a lot of attention on her.
I cant handle all these redpills from Donald, normies are getting redpilled now on the news best timeline
Trump is so based truly we live in a magical world
Trump supporters have zero influence over entrenched leftists media institutions. This should be painfully clear by now, if anything her rhetoric plays right into the base they're catering to which is hard core blue dems on the coasts.

Wrong again.
if he talks about white people they will never let him hear the end of it. that these new tweets were found and give him clearance are a godsend
Trump's Derangement Syndrome (#TDS) is when you ignore all objective reality and believe your Dear Leader is the sole source of truth.
Hillary has got him like 98% to 2%.
There are no more convervatives to win over. Trump is now taking two scoops from the center (or the old left if you will) by proving his narritive that the media have an agenda. Some people need to break up their red pills to take them and thats fine by me.
Trump is kill the NYTs
wrong, FOX is actually trying to push out conservative voices from its platform given the new owners views
It's a jab at the NYT.
which just furthers the divide. good. I don't care if she gets fired or not. I just want white people to get angry.
ok so it was exactly what i thought it was, I have fucked asian girls and smelled their taint, and it's given me zero insight about how they behave online, your original statement stood out as a non sequitur to me.
That didn't really, really work out for the 2016 election, did it? I wonder what seats are in danger for the 2018 midterms
Ah yes someone winning an election is comparable in likelyhood to mass murder of liberal media outlets.
digits confirm the mission. agreed, before she gets picked up by the atlantic again or other lib bastions, she needs to be shamed out of existence
idgaf what people say, I don't get triggered but there are tons of tards in this thread that think something huge will come of this, its just more funny bantz
based and redpilled
That's the smart take on it
He’s just pouring fuel on a fire
He's been going all out on Twitter tonight. Libs aren't liking this
/status/1025586524782559232
orial-board-of-the-new-york-times
It's not going to work like that you fucking retard. Hurr durr let's reinforce anti-racism in the culture. Hurr durr this won't backfire
why are leafs always on point?
Oh is she running for office? No? Guess what, what some random dumb asian bitch says for a newspaper isn't going to affect local races.

did he reference the Trump Curse?
Where are the feet pics? I’ve haven’t seen any cute pictures of her feet yet
how can one man be such a pussy?
Foot faggots are not white.
BASED piers morgan
But President Trump tweeting about that racist bitch is newsworthy.
just putting it out there is a huge redpill, this shows how the jews at NYT think of them"
Q predicted this
what the actual fuck
Holy fuck boys things are getting good and we're not even close to getting tired of winning.
Goodness gracious, the madman never stops
/tv/ here. i demand a full assessment of her foot-game
based indian guy
in conservative circles yeah but don't expect CNN to report on it the way you want to
Hmm. So if you're not white and you tell her that her feet are cute, she'll be okay with it? Or do you just have to look like Leonardo DiCaprio?
It doesn't matter if she's fired or not, in fact it's better that she isn't, Trump tweeting it makes it mainstream. The whole world gets to see that the NYT knowingly hired an editor who's an open and blatant racist, but think it's okay because she hates the right group. The anti-white agenda is on full display now
Ahhh...I just automatically associate bananas with niggers, sorry.
What a tease
He's pointing out the fact that the press really is the enemy of the people
The longer this stays in the news the better.

I hope they don't Chang, I hope they don't.
Has anybody found her porn yet?
Exactly, yours is the smart take.
Correct. We are fairly used to this type of language but normies are NOT used to seeing that kind of shit talk from supposedly serious media figures. It absolutely supports his position against the media and makes them look hostile to the SIGNIFICANT MAJORITY of the country who are white people.
right here
Okay dumbass
Get aids, faggots, I know a crazy vet who is gonna smoke some fucking chinks from a mile out
that's a good thing, it redpills more people. eventually all whites will join us.
She has damaged the New York Times brand so thoroughly that I would consider her an honorary /pol/ack, were it not for the fact that she’s a yellow insect cunt.
kek - excellent work milint friend

My hatred of Jim Acosta is pure.
LOW IQ LEMON
We should be talking about how many miles were added to the wall today, or which Washington swamp dweller was arrested. But no, this is the reality of a Trump presidency.
another low IQ negro. sad!
All sins are forgiven if she has cute feet :3
I think most of us can agree that galvanizing the current shape of the left into whatever shape it's in now is a good thing.

people say crazy shit on both ends of the spectrum, in this case its completely isolated from any political race. She isn't some hired staff member for a campaign or a member of the DNC that represents an individual or policy. You may want to make that connection but regular people aren't going to.
Go blow yourself, leaf.
I need to start thanking God for Donald Trump.
to who? the only people who pay/read that stuff are people who already think like that anyways. I highly doubt there are any right wing subscribers at this point
I wonder how pissed the MSM would be if we just all started tweeting #ILoveWhitePeople in response to her....
He'll take notice over some infantile reporters antiwhite SJW bullshit but he wont work to stopping ZOG or removing Jews from his cabinet. (((TheirGuy))) is more like it.
based poo
are you afraid of normies getting redpilled over the weekend?
/ourpoo/
Trump isn't trying to take her down, he's doing what he's been doing the last 2 years: shining light on the bias and illegitimacy of the press and the DNC.
She's a chief editor of a tentacle of the DNC's propaganda wing yellow nigger.
She’s part of the priest caste in the liberal religion. This matters. If they say her views don’t matter they have to discredit the value of their own views in the process. Rock, meet hard place. They should have read Art of the Deal.
seriously think of how warped and kike-oblinkin the fuckers she is complaining about if her white ideal is friggen weev!
He trolls the shit of of them constantly, and they're too fucking stupid to realize it.
She should stay at that rag with all the other anti-whites.
There are normies who don’t know the New York Times is now buzzfeed lite. This will make them see the light! I like Mike!
Post her feet already,
I'd be OK with piers morgan if he wasn't such an anti-gun faget.
His favorability is a lot higher now than when he got elected. Good luck trying to find a socialist to throw in at the last minute to dethrone the gold one.
I would bet dollars to donuts this girl has a porn search history that involves white men, like it's one thing to hate a person or a group, but that kind of visceral ongoing obsession? Yeah there's something deeper going on there.
NYT is the sort of shit law offices and doctors offices subscribe to and leave in the waiting room. shit like this makes them seem impartial and toxic. basically they are unprofessional. massive damage will be done by this.
Fantastic.
Keeping this person on the board is the best thing any anti-lefty could wish for.
Some stupid shit will always hire her. This is a war. Her being denied a high profile job with the New York Times is a blow in our favor. I’m not sure how much it actually achieved other than that, but at least it helps enlighten other white people as to what is really going on.
She’s in Portland I believe. NYers are smarter about their tone.
"All whites should hang" ~ The Press
its been propaganda shit for decades, this isn't some new trump phenomenon
Bigfoot is out there you know that he don't care about his life of solitude
This is one hell of a victory.
We decided a couple days ago that at the end of this spiral she’ll claim a white guy sexually assaulted her at some point
Trump should use this as an excuse to throw the NY Times out of the White House Press pool.
Keep trying though, you'll have a cogent thought one day.
bullshit, nothing will come of this, wishful thinking at its best, these words weren't printed in the NYT are a personal opinion no one who subscribes to that rag is going to take a retweet of the druge report seriously enough to cancel their subscription
>Dismantle social safety nets, and watch as your political enemies literally starve to death in the streets. You don't even need ovens.
Glorious - but keep CNN for lulz
fuck off shartblue
>this is going to be forever memorialized in the library of congress
Your manichean worldview is too simplistic to work in today’s complex society. Sad!
#itsoktobewhite
Alright, which one of you said this?
THIS IS IT
This is a war, a culture war. Use their rules against them, if they surrender to their own rules, you win. If they set a double standard, their rules no longer apply, once the NPCs start to notice that double standard.
We just are, don't be fooled by the proxy fags who make the leafs look like fools.
Where are we losing in this?
I think it needs to be uploaded in parts now, it's gotten huge.
thats a good thing. i want her there. bias out in open
YOU FUCKG FAGGOTS!! you are all good for nothing if i cant get those damn feet pics NAOW! your reputation is at stake here
Beats looking at that fucking noggin. Spooks me like an old video game scene where you are winning the fight and she transforms and her neck gets really long and her head swings around the screen at you. Those were hard.
fuck him
Come on leaf friend. We know that some of our hat is alright, but don't try and play down the majority like that.
Good. Let her become the anchor that weighs MSM down and drags them to the depths!
We should go full GamerGate on the NYT. We put Gawker out of business, why not these high-horse faggots?
I can't believe there is a name for that.
Never said the right loses from this, I just told the OP she's not getting fired like he claimed she would.
even non-political co-workers are spazzing out over this at work anon. I'm actually starting to believe that the media is antoginizing whites on purpose... either that or they are absolute fools digging their own graves.
you live in gayland.
Win-win for us here

>when you find the source of meme magic
Is that a catfish?
i was going to spare liberals their lives, but after reading that link and the remarks, its kill them all time.
Or do what the right always does, think that the moral high ground is just going to win because Jesus or whatever.
I heard stories about fixing white supremacist's computers and finding volumes of obese black woman porn on prominent members hard drives. What should I bet she has tons of pics of that atheist guy putting bananas up his ass and similar on her's?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Don't worry, they're disgusting
The NYT is a voice. And it should be an unbiased one. There is no way this bitch is unbiased.
wait til monday
From someone’s twatter
Keep dreaming faggot.
This. And we get to keep this in the headlines if we can get her fired as well as scare other leftists
jim wasnt worried about someone getting hurt when him and his cohorts were calling trump and his supporters nazis and attacking them at events, intimidating voters, and then a guy hopped on cnn lies and propaghanda went down to the republican baseball practice and started shooting, that was one direct effect of acosta and msm inciting revolution into their viewers, so jim, your the frog, you lit the stove and climbed in the pot, im sorry you now feel its hot. see ya on the battlefields
it's weird, she didn't block me on twitter
You've been sitting in that chair for 9 hours, anon. Tell them you are going to go home and shower and back to shilling in the morning.
asians truly are a sick and depraved people.
still trying to figure out what is wrong with wanting to kill all white people/kill all cops
When in reality, it's probably less than 10% on either side of the center. They're just a LOT louder than the other 80%. In many cases, they are actually proving most of the talking points that got people called racists/misogynists/homophobes for the last few decades. I'm not even sure the far right could do better than the hard left is right now to make being a nazi more socially acceptable. Because after all, if everyone is a nazi, no one is a bad guy.
My theory is because high-T people are more conservative. (This is also probably why right wing people cheat more).
Yea, fuck off about them being the cheater ideology.
why do americans think that being fat is being fit? Is it because you're surrounded by obese people constantly and feel the need to fit in?
He wants to gain mass for his training
Do Canadians think being stupid is being funny? Is it because you're surrounded by dog-fucking idiots and constantly feel the need to shitpost?
>Not bulking
absolute unit
pick one
Holy fuck, just drop it. Do your get you anatomy lessons from POW photos?
You realize those are supposed to be lats? As in Latissimus dorsi
lifting requires dedication and hardwork. two things liberals despise, so they generally avoid gyms
must be a piss poor artist because it looks like typical american fat rolls
That cat can probably lift more than you
>That cat can probably lift more than you
What is the meal plan? I probably still have 20 lbs of visceral fat in gut.
Probs should ask that on >>/fit/.
Just fucking do it you puss. The fuck is valor bd7. Get lifting you fat fuck, not asking what the fuck you can goddamn buy. Don't worry about the 20lbs in the tub, it'll disappear.
/fit/ makes you gay
The "kind of person" who takes care of themselves is apt also to not be as mentally "obese" as a leftist. That is, they don't make excuses and they don't live in delusion. So often they are right wingers.
all that lifting and still no gf.
Whats your max braps?
That article pissed me off. Also white surpremacist and lift. Currently cutting so no maxes but on my birthday in July I benched 4plate (405lbs/180kgs)
how does it feel being a raging skinnyfat faggot leaf ? I'd KMS desu
Source of the picture: area near the primary school in Portland.
i'd think after dog fucking, but who knows
This looks like something we made to own da libz
Stop spreading that lie. Vox made it
It's like going back to ancient greece
Never, the reality is that normies are disgusted by pedos. Your pic is either a troll designed to hurt lefties or just the work of a pedo who put fliers up at night time so they wouldn't be confronted.
Sadly soon
Already legal in leaf land

Was legalized in Sweden 1962-1976. Top politicians had 9y protistutes at sex parties, but that is never mentioned these days. Tho in our defense Denmark had it legalized as well.
Canada? I'm a furfag, and one of my Canadian furfag friends draws a ton of porn, he was charged with beastiality
Children cannot consent to sex, making pedos rapists, by definition. There is no way around this. Pedos are scum.
But If I say that I come from a culture where it's okay to kill pedophiles, they will call me intolerant. I guess this only works when you're muslim.
2- http://archive.is/Ej7CF this is from a year ago, idk if they changed it.
>Don't worry about immigrants, bro! If you show them some compassion they'll integrate just fine! After all, they're just like us!
My neighbor's daughter is attractive. She's flattered that I said she's the prettiest girl in the hood. :D
Maybe 100 years after the nuclear winter
And so are faggots.
If child sex is legalized, I would have competitions. I don't like that.
What is iotbw
He was sentenced in prison for aggravated sexual abuse of a minor, so he didn't get away with it by any means.
It's terrifying that some people don't seem to be able to tell the difference.
>the average neocon
The picture looks like an obvious troll, trying to say "pedos are LGBT so they deserve rights too".
You unironically need to murder every single one of those people. I am not joking or trying to be edgy. You must always kill degeneracy before it takes root.
Groove Street

(((they))) are still trying to make it legal.
hopefully never, though we might get to see a Punished Chris arc
When (((Hollywood))) can't hide it anymore.
Paedophilia will never be normalised, thank god. It's probably the one issue that genuinely is hated by everyone regardless of political leaning. Conservatives hate it, liberals hate it, feminists hate it, even the Alt-right probably hate it.
Mandatory concealed carry international
We're in for strange(r) times.
Shit too bad I’ve already shared this one with my friends.
In certain judicial jurisdictions it seems to be legal for anyone who comes from a culture in which pedophilia is acceptable, even if the victim isn't of your culture and has less than 0% common genetic ancestry with you.
somebody isn't familiar with tumblr or the term MAP
Or do you mean people who just want more empathy for pedos, and for people to recognize that they don't have a choice in their feelings and recognize it as a problem, but give them the help they need?
I was fondled by an older girl when I was 4, I enjoyed it. What is wrong with someone over 7 loving someone older? Is it really that bad that you want to kill someone or ostracize someone over it and label it "abuse"? To me these are just witch hunts so retards, historical illiterate, and otherwise dirtbags can get a sense of moral superiority.
Rape is not love. If anything it's the left that knows this.
If they normalize or legal pedophilia they can no longer blackmail a fuckton of people. Jews will NEVER normalize or legalize pedophilia. That's why the Jewish mods give out perma-bans against pedoposts.
Guys, we need to print out stuff like that and spread it far and wide. It will turn the normies against the LGBTabcdefg community.
Thinking it could never be normalized is like someone who drives an hour to work every day just assuming they'll never get in a car accident. It's just like the "oh, it could never happen to me" attitude, yeah you think it's impossible, until it happens
It will never happen, no matter how much you secretly want it to.
Only people I ever see talking about supporting pedos is you fucking weirdos it’s never anyone who’s gay or on the left it’s just /pol/ photoshopping shit and saying this is what the left is doing
I saw this happening a mile away. Every argument used to justify faggotry can also be used to justify pedophilia. faggotry, pedophilia, cannibalism and beastiality all fit into the same category and you use the same arguments to justify all of them. in 20 years you'll have parades for pedophiles and dog fuckers.
You really can't see what's on the horizon?
ITT: Conflating Pedophilia with Child Molesters.

So, when term "pedophilia" emerged at all? Is it a real thing?
'Least it was before I fucked urrything up...
-philia: overly fond of something
Very good stream and lots of info, knowledge on the occultic nature of the NWO.......
The whole Pride/LGBT+ trend will collapse in on itself and all sexual deviants will go back to being pretty much universally disdained, even by leftists
If she bleed she can breed
as soon as ocasio spic commie whore is elected to an office
You guys on /pol/ are probably the largest source of this "propaganda" with these posts. Maybe you should stop spreading it for them?
Both are degenerate
I don't look forward to the outcome of this controversy. It will be either unrestrained degeneracy or authoritarian restrictions. Both of which will continue to ebb and erode societal trust.
damn pedos like you belong in hell
And when people say "Hollywood is full of pedophiles" it coming from disenfranchised boomers who wish they were still relevant, and then taken out-of-context by zoomers who don't know how words work because they're from the post-education reform that gave up teaching low-level fundamentals in-favor of high-level problem-solving.
Not in my town I’ll form a lynch mob and make myself a Christmas tree decorated with pedos
Next decade. Between 21-25. They will attempt it and then the huge pushback comes to wish Trump and Orban and all the rest were nothing. Prepare yourselves accordingly.
Pedophilia literally means sexual interest in children you fucking retard.
good thing "literally" doesn't mean "actually"
There's a difference between condoning immoral actions, and showing compassion towards those who have no choice but to feel urges towards committing such immoral actions.
because liberalism is ideology of individual. An individual who is exempt from all forms of collective dependence. How liberalism began? "everyone can profess his faith" (read about protestant principle of liberalism). Later liberalism became in the economic sphere as free trade, specially international trade by Adam Smith. Then it was liberty from nation, freedom to be a "citizen of the world", cosmopolitanism. As you see, liberals exempt from all forms of collective dependence. Next barier of collective dependence is sex. Because men and women are members of communities of men and women, like they was at first in communities of religion, nation and etc. Then it would be age (pedophiles can fuck kids) then it would be sanity (crazy people are not crazy because "crazy" and "normal" are social constructs) and etc. Every form of collective dependence would be removed by liberals.
How many people have you killed in real life Sparky?
That is an awesome picture, one that should be hung around every preschool and daycare on both America & Europe.
where are my lolis
However noone knows what sexual robotic revolution wikl provide.
Thankfully somehow there are zero male tutors at kinderopvangs. So i guess dutch society ovegrowned this perversy.
It won't be legalized unless childless emotionless incels take over. We can easily 'take care' of these people
Have you not noticed the growing fuck your step kids trend in porn? This isnt new, the left has been slowly pushing this since the seventies
By doing what?
killing babies is still bad. nobody thinks it's cool to kill babies. it's okay to kill undeveloped bundles of cells though.
Really cringe. How old are you like 15? Coming from someone who has a degree in biological sciences that is not the case for most abortions. I thought the exact same way you did until i had to actually study the subject in university.
desu the 'protect the children' argument becomes completely void when children are brought up sexually, then they will not longer be harmed by 'sexual predators' except by emotional abuse if they are retards who do not know that the child should be cared for, especially when she's weak and in your hands and her body is yours to plau with

The population will never accept it though, so all that will happen is a massive increase in angry mobs lynching paedophiles on the streets in what will be known as "citizen's justice".
why is this bad?
dare i say /pol/ btfo?
nice get
Shortly before a bakery owner gets put in jail for not making a cake featuring a kid being chained down and sodomized as a "consensual act of love"
How is that makes it better you absolute mong? That implies that 10 can give consent, which is at the pinnacle of every pedos argument.
Pathetic. Kys.
Nah...your degeneracy is radioactive.
yournewswire is one of the gayest fake news sites out there. how the idiots on here actually have a big enough hole in their lives to take time out of their day to spread it is one thing, but the mongrels who actually take it at face value are even worse.
The pedo support is being accelerated by us you mong.
Unironically rope all pedos
She took advantage of you, you moron. No one cares if it felt good. A lot of brutally raped people orgasm from it. Your feelings don't make her any less disgusting. Nice cope tho.
They cannot really, sex with anyone under 16 is illegal (exceptions are made if the younger was like 14/15, never told age and could pass for 16).
Sex is not about consent is about making more people. If she bleeds she breeds
But at the same time, I hope they are the straw that broke the LGBTQ's back.
Iotbw was simple. This has too much detail and not to mention /pol/ gets assblasted at this kind of stuff. Try harder shill
I don't know how, paedos are hated by the overwhelming majority of sane people and will never be accepted. Apart from butch dyke leftists and queers.
Humans weren't designed to breed like rabbits.
Q predicted this
shut the fuck up pedophile and stop projecting yourself onto the world around you to get away from the guilt of your own goddamn actions
all species are designed to breed as much as they can, retarded flagstealer
Every specie is designed to preserve itself for as long as possible.
Proper application of social engineering can make anything acceptable.
It never will be
Fucking a dog is not legal in Canada, its literally not legal anywhere in Canada, it is however legal in 7 American States.
or modern Afghanistan
/thread
Sad. Canadians are huge degenerates.
GET BEATEN TO DEATH PEDO.
I was here when it started as a anti-fag shill... Now they turned it around and took it seriously
Same Furry nigger that need to get lynched.
which means spamming individuals.
Dumb fuck. You just sent her searching for the Chad in the hood, with your confidence inspiration. At least you are a stupid pedo.
Fake news
also, I once had a dream I was locked in a swimming pool building and I could only be free if I amuse the countryballs in the swimming contest. I was in no team, all but Croatia were like ''lolno'' and Croatia made me do menial shit and as final test expected a 50 metre underwater swim. that's extremely hard commando tier shit. so I was like ''fuck your gayass team'' Albaniaball heard this and was very friendly and hospitable to help me out do the ''contest'' and I could leave. I'm clairvoyant, clearly, and found out Croatia are elitist pricks with abit of xenophobia and Albania are very warm and hospitable people.
>Selective reading
western countries spammed children too because half of them died anyway. now Healthcare is not shit and freely available, we only get 1-3 kids.
But why?
50 years.
What I'm saying is that not all species are made to spam offspring, especially humans, hence why hypersexuality is not a viable solution. It's just perversion.


they're not going extinct, are they?
t. Deep state freelancer in OpSec.
Sounds like the r/K selection theorem.
Their quality of life isn't increasing, is it?
that's the second tier of mazlow's pyramid. The survivors and thus breeders got fysiological needs down. I wonder if Africans are tough AF because extensive natural selection?
So basically what you're telling me is that you're willing to give up quality of life for hypersexuality? That sounds pretty backwards to me considering evolution.

I'm saying it's a crisis survival method. Are you saying we shouldn't use hypersexuality after the bombs hit?

To me it seems like a last ditch effort knowing humans are most certainly not made for that kind of reproduction style. It works if you don't mind having human beings that are improperly developed in every aspect roaming the planet. Sounds like a step backwards but then again we'd likely be bombed back to the stone age.
still, pajeets are highly poison resistant (mutations found for it) due childspam and natural selection. do africans got some sort of toughness too? I mean, the physical weak ones get eliminated as child.
I'm just saying that spamming children is ineffective if you value technological and scientific progress. If you just wanna preserve your specie, then it's a completely different topic. Also I think African people have their DNA mutated over time to become immune to certain diseases.
Show a picture of a gay parade to your grandfather and watch the look of sheer disbelief and disgust and tell me kiddie fucking is just IMPOSSIBLE!
maybe this is why nigs have a low Iq and got a violence inclination? psychopathy combined with brawn gets you further than brains in Africa.
No it was Ebaums obviously
fundamentals?
Their lifestyle doesn't require high IQ, but rather violence in order to get by or even attract a womyn to do the sexe with.
Based nip
Shit, the media is milking the non-controversy of sex dolls by highlighting that some of them look like children.
There is no advantage to giftedness in Africa as your book on the human condition won't help you keep Jamal the AK-47 toting imbecile away.
Let's see if it's possible to say "quit bashing pedophiles you fucks" in the next decade.
― Ernest Hemingway, Death in the Afternoon
Within about 2 years, a majority of the nation had done a complete 180 on their views and now proudly supported faggotry because the media told them they did. It'll happen with pedos too.
If I can say this in ten years, I'll donate a million dollars to a charity in /pol/s name.
High IQ doesn't necessarily mean that you're mentally crazy. Not all geniuses are like Uncle Ted. Also if you're smart you'd know to never actually go to Africa if you wanna live a modern life.
you under estimate the hatred most people have for pedos
Define crazy, schizophrenia? most of the time it's far more subtle. anxiety, depressive disorder or da autizms
High IQ usually leads to you being easily redpilled. Some can't handle it and then you get anxiety and/or depression. The rare few really can't handle it and go full on insane. Autism can sometimes lead to high IQ because the brain works and thinks differently than the normal brain.
If they attempt to normalize pedophillia I shall fight to my glorious death to prevent it by slaughtering pedos at rallies and killing anyone leaders/figureheads that support them. I expect my fellow brethren to do the same, and we shall achieve decisive victory in a few short months...
there is glorified pedophilia on /b/ known as loli
Jews noosing themselves, how can you not love the pottery?
It's the same level of hatred that people had for fags and trannies before social engineering got them. You underestimate how blindly people will follow whatever gets them likes on facebook.
In the span of 16 years, they flipped from 35% favoring homo marriage to 62%. The media is completely in control of mainstream thought.
After I'm dead, when it's legalized they'll have to put me down. These people should be put against the wall and shot.
A typical /pol/ack will engage in a discussion because they believe whatever they're doing to have a moral imperative of some kind. A normie will engage in a discussion because they think, subconsciously, that they will be validated for supporting or defending a belief parroted by the mainstream. They care not for the substance of the belief, only that it agrees with what they were told to believe. In short, normies do not have any means of internalizing a redpill. Consequently, they effectively lack the later stages of cognitive development that signifies free will. The only means of "redpilling" the population is to hijack the jews' tactics and use them to spread the truth and enforce social validation schemes that enforce "our" ideas.

post/140241250623
Will be hilarious to see all the 4chan incels fuck little boys in the ass because they can't get a real woman.
Fucking based Finland, so much better than the cucked Sweden!
hmm... what else can we do through the lgbt community?
kindergender 2.0
YES PEDOS, .... EXPOSE YOURSELVES ...WE'VE GOT NECKLACES FOR YOU ...

he's gonna necklace white pedos while raping little girls himself (it's ok if he does it)
You have got to be the biggest dumb ass I have run across on this site in a while
Will all the sjw fags who jumped on the gay rights bandwagon now finally realise it was a Jew scam all along?
and this

What would you define as a pedo relationship? At what age is it pedo? It is certainly not 18 like in US law.
>when you spend too much time on 4chan
fag suck my dick
People were disgusted by fags not too long ago too. Youre hindsight is dogshit, no wonder whites are losing to jews;we play the longgame, goyim forget about shootings the next day.
yes kids can consent, I consented to banging a 22 year old woman when I was 11. Rape is bad though.
Why are you not helping spread this pedo propaganda it will just accelerate the backlash
If a girl is having periods nature says time to make babies. That is how it was for all human history until marxists institutes age of consent laws because they wanted more years indoctrinating women before their husbands gained authority’s over them.
You can be certain that if socialized mandatory college ever gets passed in the USA the marxists will raise the age of consent to 21 to prevent rapes and to have easier time indoctrinating the women before men have a chance
>prevent
every fucking day this stupid fucking thread, fuck off...
I’d never though /pol/ would be so sick as to support pedos in trying to smear LGBT right just out of spite and hate. You think your better than the Jews you try to take down but your just as bad as them. What a fucking pathetic board this has turned into.
You keep your faggot ass eyes open and call that shit out before it starts becoming acceptable, s'all i'm saying, because beyond that point you're an accessory.
Pedophile supporters are not the same as pedophilia supporters. They support humans, not crimes. Not sins. They want to turn people with problems in people without problems. They don't want to give up on anybody. Neither should you.

https://youtu.be/nTAZ1LY7-rk
how are all these peole as retarded as you like howww are u this fucking retarded
The sooner the better
Never. Americans will take to the streets if they try.
Wherever pedos are mentioned they come blubbering in trying to justify themselves. They're nonhuman trash and I pray the day will come where we round them up and execute the lot of them.
Pending litigation for you?

I wish the right would fucking believe in themselves for once rather than thinking they're under siege all the time just because they read stuff curated by an algorithm.
it will never happen and wont gain any traction outside of the most reality disconnected lefties, nobody with children will allow it. people will literally get violent murdered to stop it and openly advocating for it in public makes you an istant target for random violence.

Previous

cL-Bjsq4
China's pretend bid to be a world superpower will soon come crashing down.
B-but wait I thought muh Trade War would help China and destroy America, do you mean to tell me the mainstream media misled me? What about all those economists with their scientific expertise?
I always mocked idiots who genuinely believe China will overtake the US in economy.
>all of their money comes from Anime
damn i shouldnt have dumped my china images in the last thread after it hit the bump limit
oh not they won't be 2nd place anymore! they're going to be not as rich!
cars, electronics, video games, and especially gacha games too
Yep, smart man. China did the same thing Japan did, except in a much bigger way. But Japan has been working on fixing it for 30 years, and they have a relatively wealthy, politically satisfied population. When things start going bad in China, the CCP instantly loses its legitimacy, and from there, things go from bad to, well, very bad.
it's still funny to think about it
ALL HAIL GLORIOUS NIPPON
Whats next?
isnt it the biggest entertainment exporter after the US
oh cool, now as the chinese start to panic they will buy up even more fucking real estate as possible to get their money out of china
Redpill me on the trade war. Will we see a positive outcome from all this?
Why doesnt australia just outlaw this? They've already started efforts to check chinese influence in government.
it will.
Don't forget that the 1 child policy permanenlty destroyed their birth rates. Even after revoking it in 2015, their birth rates show no sign of recovery. They also have retirement age 60 for men and 50 for women. It is estimated that soon more than 30% of their population will be retired and living on pensions with no children to fund it. The Chinese people will riot if they raise the retirement age. They are fucked. Their economy is based on foreign dependency and forced waste such as ghost cities made up of buildings that fall apart within 2-3 years of being built due to the low quality. Now add the extreme pollution and you have a package of destruction just waiting to unleash.
Rolling to do good in my DnD campaign next turn.
No politician is going to stand in the way of the most powerful force on Earth: USDs. It would be pure madness. And China has a lot of USDs. But the flow of USDs via China might be about to end.
but everywhere else you'd have to be a lucky bastard to even be involved in the entertainment industry
I wouldn't worry. When their economy begins to totally collapse many of the massive investors will have their overseas portfolios seized and sold off to try to prop up the crumbling system. It won't get rid of them all but in many areas house prices will fall and white people will get a chance to buy some property.
At least the Chinese stock markets have real investors.

you answered your own question my friend
I didn't forget, I posted an image for that in the last threads. You also forgot that they prefer men, so their one child policy left them with 40 million more young men than young women. Or about 14 state mandated incels for every member of the chinese military including administrative and reserve personnel.
Why don't we? Not only do the Hongs own half of California but their entire white collar economy is based on buying US companies and requisitioning our data. It's obviously against our interests and we should cut them off at the knees, except the libertarian globalist cucks still run the GOP from the VP all the way down to the janitor.
>t. Xi
Chinks are not eternally btfo, but will be cut down to size. Short term will be more volatility in markets, long term big league growth for USA.

Is this map still valid in current year + 3?
Very good stream and lots of info, knowledge on the occultic nature of the NWO
Japan is going to burst soon
Is this /aussie hope/ general?
>trade wars don't wor-
What exactly did they do? I see no result and I see no effort to fix what I believe are their worst issues.
The pattern persists but the amounts have shrunken significantly
we're all gonna make it, lads
t. Work at a Chinese restaurant
I was surprised to learn that chinese people will all take 2 hour long naps in the middle of the day during work hours. No wonder they have some of the worst worker productivity in the world. Can't be a super power with that attitude!
Chinese are going to have to sneak their wealth out of China in their asses at this rate.
>THE DOG MEAT IS FOOOKING RAW!
I swear if they try to turn japan into an enemy i'm siding with the japanese. That will be the last straw.
Didn't the same thing happen in 2015? I remember there were a bunch of these threads a few years ago about China's stock market collapsing but after a while things just carried on as normal and nothing ever came of it.
nobody lives west of the line between yunnan and liaoning
many places do this
No, they already did that in the 80s. I remember it.
Note they never recovered from that. Things just got worse more slowly.
time for round 2
Based on the headline of this thread I thought the nytimes had fired that racist bitch
Look into "shadow money", it can't paper over nothing forever.
Pretty sure all of them have shit productivity too.
Their main problem right now is their aging/shrinking population. It's not a coincidence that Japan leads the world in automation and robotics. Additionally, since they lack the workers to staff their major industrial enterprises, the don't export products, they export factories. Toyota makes all their cars in the heartland of the USA. It's not a perfect solution, but it's definitely going better for them than any options China has on the table. The population issue is one that will be solved with a mix of automation and a rising sense of nationalism as China wanes and the Japanese military starts to flex their muscle once again.
Nah, Japan is fine. China is done.
Maybe they stumbled onto some some horrible truth about reality, that without god there is only divine art.
SDJq6w8E
You burgers keep thinking China will be btfo any minute now, its population will rise up as its US trade falters but that's just wishful and nothing else. The US has catapulted China into self-sustained growth soon to eclipse the US itself and there's literally nothing you can do about it except this baseless dreaming.
They're gonna take over the world, learn Japanese, blah blah blah. They fell.hard and.fast.. China will too.and it's already.happening.
even warren buffet got fucked when he went into chinese stocks
Thank fuck now I can get aboard the nip hype train fuck those chinkniggers.
Unfortunately, eventually you run out of money, and the whole scheme comes tumbling down. It's Enron on a national scale.

strong work ethic while still having a huge appreciation for the finer things in life, well except maybe for all the gambling
haven't laughed that hard in ages, thanks bud
Given their stellar.record in engineering safety and use.of quality material will even five be standing in 15 years?
Siener said all of our markets are going to crash sometime soon. Europe will get hit pretty bad and the UK will get hit the worst.
Those american skyscrapers will still be there in 20 years...
When we are bleeding in our own streets fighting the Chinese we will remember how we were allied with the Chinese in WWII and rue that we shot the wrong slopes.
Building shit doesn't do you any good if it isn't a profitable enterprise.
That's actually right they do my boss told me about it he said he's get tired in the middle of the day when he came to America
The sinews of power are infinite money, as you arrogant ignorant kike-cut burger fucks are bound to find out.
What happened to the Shanghai composite in 2015 was much more severe, but caused by different reasons. But more to the point of these threads, the Chinese stock market is less reflective of the state of the Chinese economy than the NYSE or the NASDAQ is of the US (it's a semi-market economy after all) so the pertinence of Japan's publicly traded companies overtaking China's in market cap. is more symbolic than anything.
SINK THE CHINK
Nah, in the event of a recession Germany will be hit much harder than the UK. They derive 50% of their GDP from exports. A 10% loss in sales translates to a 5% loss in GDP, which means a lot of unemployment very very quickly.
We have the infinite money people actually want. Who wants a yuan? Apparently not even the Chinese, theyre chasing dollars.
What is their energy situation like though? They'll always need to be able to import oil right?
Chinese escalators. That's all you need to know, Aquafresh.
It's just a matter of time. No country has ever enjoyed world reserve currency status while its economy is being dwarved by another.
what's this?
bigger thing for energy is they have limitless dirty coal
Japan's money probably comes from their machine tool industry, they have Okuma and Mitutoyo to name a couple.
As soon as any their multiple bubbles start collapsing their population will be out for blood and it will be anybody's guess what will happen.
You're going to be waiting a hell of a long time, bud.
if the original chinese were so superior why were they repeatedly conquered by tiny neighbors?
oh neat, last thread 404d so I can post my images again




hahahahah

japan is the leading country for methyl hydrates

They are. They're also the leading country in robotics. They still need oil and workers.

Get fucked you globalist shills, especially that Jap proxy who pushes for multiculti immigration.
good god, they just can't catch a break
See you've already lost. You just don't know it yet, and given the ignorance sustained arrogance on display ITT you won't until the dragon is on your doorsteps.
I suspect all that is going to happen in this trade war is China is going to suck it up and increase trade with other territories. Meanwhile US companies and citizens will be paying giant tariffs on many imports, reducing the standard of living in the USA. However the USA standard of living will still be high. China will continue its gradual invasion of poor countries and continue to grow. China will have an economic downturn but they will suck it up and carry on. China won't capitulate and the USA won't escalate the trade war past a certain point, so things will not come to head. Basically the status quo will continue and people will LARP like maniacs over nothing.
CHINA MUST BURN TO THE GROUND
Canada fell for a fucking meme kek.
I’m assuming he means the Bank of Japan.
Probably Japan Central Bank. They printed a ton of money out of thin air and then bought local stocks with it.
It only took them to have 3 times the population.
What other territories? The US is the largest consumer market on the planet. There is no one else who can buy what we can buy, especially considering the people who consume the most are young, and the rest of the developed world doesn't have any young people.
OH NO NO NO NO NO
AWWWWWWWWWWWW PIIIIIIINNNNNNNG POOOOOOOOOOONG!
Eh, it's just hype. It happens. If you're old enough to remember, people thought Japan was taking over the world in the 80s. They grow fast because the US needs to buy things from cheap third world factories. Eventually they become less cheap, and we start buying from somewhere else. That's when things start crumbling. It happened to Japan, it's happening to China.
More likely that the next administration reverses the policies and rhetoric of the current one, China continues to slowly liberalize, while people on this board continue to push the next "happening

#allsmiles
>then Americans remove brainlet liberals from power and the new leadership slaps some tariffs on cocksuckers overseas
They're becoming more and more authoritarian right now.
>Trump announces a new trade partnership with Australia. Agrees to import boxed wine, VB, and kangaroo steaks.
0P509UL4&t=204s
Maybe if the canadian modus operandi wasn't "always try to fuck over america" then canada wouldn't be getting fucked over
all we had to do was wait lads thank god
lol that is savage
Shhh, you'll pop his fantasy bubble
i don't think so. trump is pretty pissed and is obviously out for blood. i wouldn't be surprised if he puts a 10000% tariff on all exports from China. china can handle it though. what would be fatal for them however is if the US cancels its debt obligations labeling China an enemy regime or something
t. machinist
yeah, manufacturing will move to india and then the US will have a massive trade deficit with india eventually
No they can't
Nah, southeast asia and parts of southeastern africa are much more likely. India lacks the geographical capacity for that kind of wealth generation.
exports to the US is 3.9% of their GDP, they can outgrow it in like, a year
well whatever, the point is manufacturing will move out of china (as it's already doing) and then the US will eventually rail against another massive deficit country
And shutting it down would just take a few missiles. And China doesn't have the capacity to go over there and fix up the mess.
>crashing China, with no survivors
Nobody wants Chinese plastic garbage, not even the Chinese.
Anime truly is amazing
Socially, maybe? I was talking about financial markets and administrative reforms.
Bang on
kek they already did, I have no complaints
Time for a shale dump
yeah but that's literally a declaration of war. at that point, you might as well go in and regime change the country



Because they are desperate for investments. They are currently devaluing their yuan over US tariffs. That can't go on forever or they might as hand over their country to outsiders for nothing.
Ooh, here's an interesting one. This is a map of the world at night. The lights are where people live.
well yeah, so tariffs will just accelerate what's already a natural process. what's your point again?
The central reason for labour force displacement from the USA to the developing world is the USA having the reserve currency that allows them to have huge current account deficits. If you force countries not to import into the USA without addressing the fiat currency issue then you are going to be forced to address the fiat currency issue.
But looking at the numbers and trend it will be too little too late. China simply can't be stopped fat this point.
Wait till the next batch of sanctions $250 BILLION! The all the way up to $500 Billion. It’s gonna be fun to watch China burn
Absolutely pathetic
Here are the world's conventional energy reserves. See how far away from the lights they are? That makes them pricey, and supplies difficult to secure/guarantee.
Any Chinese person who has any kind of money already has it overseas. The Chinese middle classes are well aware that they are first on the chopping block if anything goes wrong and the upper classes are already treating China as little more than a vacation home, a place they have to come back to now and then for appearances. I think the commies will one day make a jump and try to grab their wealth and they're going to be shocked at how much of what they've gained since the 90's just goes up in smoke.
Perceptive post
-piles-china-door-recycling.html
No they’re not. China is an export economy and most of their exports are to the US. Think of it like having a company and losing your #1 customer that you fleeced for 40 years.
I cant wait for the chinese civil war. They'll be worse off Russia was circa 1990
And here are the world's shale reserves. Check out that layout in the US. Right in the god damned middle of our country, and right on top of our population centers.
Right, because mixed-ownership reform program, stock connect programs, the removal of window guidance for banks deposit rates, lifting of the 49% ceiling on foreign ownership of financial JVs are fantasies
But this doesn't include the Hong Kong market
One child policy was unironically based, their problem was relying on the meme that the West did in the first place, and on allowing girls to be aborted.
i dunno, it will probably tank the dow at the same time. also, placing tariffs without having the capacity in place to shift production is an enormously stupid idea
China has no ability to play that kind of game, they can't outright accuse America of anything in the middle east and they have no ability to project power there.
This is a smart guy after all.
In what index?
Buildings that go up fast come down even quicker.
Or not. Maybe just do it and fuck off. And then point at them and laugh.
Yes they do you total retard, exports to the US amount to less than 4% of Chinese GDP.
it was mostly US companies that moved there.
you know canada was created so america didn't have everything north of mexico?
It's replaced with another chink. Who cares?
(((it will)))

omg you're stupid. also China is KSA's biggest customer, it's not the US anymore for obvious reasons. so yeah, they're going to be pretty pissed as well
The truth doesn't care about your feelings.
Based ladyboy race traitor
OP is a faggot.
She looks like the type of silly girl who is upset that she likes being dominated by white men. That's why she tweets all of that stuff. We can correct that.
I want to smell her rice braaps.
she cute

man readin dis made my dick hard

Reminder to use this as an opportunity to explain to normies what pilpul is
any pics of the inside of her sphincter?
i don't like helen. she seems like a bitch
Apparently it cares about niggers feelings though
All of you need to be institutionalized
Why can't they help themselves from projecting so hard?
i'm amazed at the amount of threads there are about this bitch. why is /pol/ so obsessed with her?

She also has a bigger dick than you.

Can someone make meme or shop with her and that Asian shooter from Virginia tech... he probably hated whites too , what is wrong with these white haters?

because these idiots thought all asian women worship white men like gods. I wish sarah would've larped as a north Korean and shit talk the le 56% amerimutt imperialist.
death to journalists (ironically speaking ofc)
I guess it's not racist then if I call this guy a disgusting fucking kike.
I don’t know why but this fucking cracked me up.


she got a white boy friend
I want to break her with my white dick
Okay. The Holocaust is a hoax, blacks can't integrate into civilization, faggots are disease vectors who should be deported for the safety of the public, and women are happier being enslaved than they are working for human resources departments. Remember, don't get emotional.
You can't be racist against white people but you can be racist against jews who are also white people.
White people can't be anti-semitic against Jews because Jews hold all of the power.
its safe to say that south korean women are inferior compared to best korean women.
No faggot, try because using the left's gay ass social justice code they created and used against white folks against them is the right thing to do.
How many men have you let your wife have sex with?
So, if I understand you correctly, it's in society's best interest to exterminate Jews?
Sometimes you leafs are alright.
He's a fuckin' little traitor. No, literally, he's little. He's like 5 ft 2. Shorter than Tom Cruise.
atJhmg
And NO: Koreans are NOT PoC!
I unironically want to impregnate her and live off her NYT shekels.
hey, any hole is a goal

times up, incels!
Doublenigger! In Switzerland, we even call a black cat "Negerli", literally "little negro". And I adore black cats. A negro is a negro. Full stop.
stinky gook
does Sarah Jeong have qt feets?
Hardcore feminist are exactly the type that enjoy that stuff. The tweets where she hates white men means she probably wants to be dominated by them
By her own religion she committed a cardinal sin and the hypocrisy of her rabbis in absolving her of her sin was sight to behold
do you think sarah jeong has stubby lil toes on her tootsies or long phallic ones?
Cool we can attack Jews now because they have the institutional power
wapo asks
every time
Sarah Jeong needs to list her old shoes on ebanned. there's plenty of progressive minded males who would support her body of work
I don't care about your feelings, that's the truth
Say it aint so, Sarah Jeong!
It's Rosanne and Gunn that were the mistakes, and the NYT didn't fire their asses/ They WOULD have, and they fired Jeong's predecessor for tweets, but in this one instance two wrongs made a right.
In addition to the other things she is, she’s a hypocrite — cunt has taken more white dick than the average white fold. Hates white men except when the Korean cunt is contracting
You're cancer
who's being sensitive though? all i see are horders of autists calling her /ourgirl/
THE TIME TO DISPENSE RED PILLS IS NOW
Yeah you’re not a Jew
trigger warning: white male tears
It's a lot of work.

i'm not gonna be surprized if this gook is gonna get killed soon
ben shapiro finds way to defend jeong
She is so obsessed with white cawk it's fractured her personality. It must sting to be the one slant-eyed slut that can't find a big G.I. to be her paddy-daddy.
see if you guys were smart you'd target tweets like this under the assertion that she's both objectifying the black male body akin to slave drivers parading the "strongest of the bunch around", that she's placing intrinsic value on the already hyper-masculine standards black men have to live up, that she's utilizing black men as a pawn just like how the powers at be use black men as a pawn. but you guys aren't smart and you aren't subtle and you rage on twitter which just fuels these people more and makes you all look like the fragile white bois she (and her followers) already assume you are. use their shit tests against them ffs.
out of all asians i'd only leave japs alive for zoo purposes and so we can visit the land of weird shit
it's fake
thanks for checking, my point still stands.
if she doesn't get fired and theres a white doing the same shit, wont this set a precedence though?

Real Korean pix. rel.
I love these
Sarah Jeong's feetsies are legendary apparently
This bitch fucked Weev.
Ahahaha. Hello Hugo Banzer, howdy.
so what's an "own goal"?
Lol, you know she sucks white dick right?
what is she saying /pol/?
I don't care if she did anything wrong or not. She is the enemy and must be destroyed.
I'm sure this will be a well balanced article
I don't see how making white people angry is going to help the cause. Those who are white and support the left are only going to feel hurt and stop supporting the cause.
the thing is it's all ok or none of it is. (((cuckservatives))) are coming out of the woodworks to defend her but those same very people would be condemning her if she had said that about blacks. this isn't about feelings it's about equity. defending this is saying it's perfectly fine to denigrate whites.
Wrong thing.Sorry
https://youtu.be/c2ql6H7NpiM
Best Post.
Here another Korean qt. for you.
She's being attacked by other Koreans.
I am absolutely apalled at what politics has become! And to think we've made so much progress is naïve.
lmao at thinking a NYT writer and harvard grad is "powerless".
Because the left has never been this open about its race hatred. This stuff is making it crystal clear, even to the normies, exactly what is going on. Expect a traffic boost to /pol/ very soon.
orial-board-of-the-new-york-times
You all need to get creative. Meme her into chairman Mao or Pol pot. Also add in subtle racists remarks about Asians. It'll make her have a meltdown on twitter
i would suck her TITS
Her branch of feminism is a thinly-veiled cope for feelings of guilt and frustration for desiring masculine white men while being rejected by them
Of course she is. Do you think she represents Koreans? Again, that lassie is just a nutcase, that's it.
She gave birth to a baby girl some 2 weeks ago. It's Kim Ha-Neul.
on jeong


#resist

Pic related
Already started. Been newfag central all week.
Back to your trailer, hick.
I got aroused reading this.
>*licking finger*
>call you a racist
>IT'S A JEW!
hey helvetia
That's a hotty, pix. rel.
Hiya, Uruguay. Here, a hotty for you!
that's all white people want.
7dd343668945a2ac196bbb864327

I can hear the distant kvetching of kikes and the autistic screeching of their white guilt SJW pets
Jews aren't white.
found the shill
Friendly reminder that she's never caused drama, it's always manufactured as an attack against her. No other eceleb chick can say this
welcome to Lauren Southern General
any proof at all shill
pMC8jgFE
pick one
Why is that a headline?
I can only imagine that these detractors are just covert libshits using divide and conquer tactics
When are you nu-faggs ever going to learn that celebrities and ecelebs will betray you? They have no integrity, they don't even know who you are, they don't study, they're just a waste of time, and you'll realize that when they do something that proves how blue pilled they are
>hello fellow channers, I am an "oldie" here as they say so you have to listen to me. You can't let e celebs attract people at a beginner level to the political right, don't support them goy I mean guy. I am old you're new you have to listen
Actions speak louder than words.
Except she's a kike, ups!
Her sister is better looking.
Still a super cucked statement to make. Just say you're proud to be white. Not that you don't hate yourself for being white.
shills hate her
Pride is a sin.
After a few views the site goes behind a paywall.
She's based af. Incels reee about CO just because they're hung up on knee jerk thot hate, but honestly, with that headline there, what kind of CO is that?


Lurk moar newfag. "Controlled Opposition". See "Jordan Peterson".
4Z1fTrMc
Lauren is the Commanding Officer of all her beta orbiters.
No one uses that abbreviation, summer newfag kike
Except she isn't jewish. Keep repeating this lie, shills. You will only get more people interested in her when they see so much obvious disinformation spread about her.

What the hell is going on?
concerning middle class girl attire, they're the top of relaxed casual, though I can't say for sure the VS fanfare exists outside of US & Cuckada
This. This is the guy that keeps posting the HIGHGROUNDING meme. /pol/ doesn't need e-celeb to tell us what to think
Here's the FinnKnight
burn the coal, pay the toll
shlomos
watch how she subconsciously masturbates herself while talking to shitskin pretend cop.
No it's not. Proper pride is a virtue. Too much pride is arrogance and too little pride is insecurity. Gotta aim for the mean
<<<<<Lauren Southern>>>>>
Well said Schlomo. You earned your shekels today
>Identity politics and attention whoring are good things now
Pic related will come soon enough.
Fuck you
But didney worl
Nah you're all going back to Old Africa
You can have some Mexican states for your new homeland. We brought you here, so only fair we give you a place to call home. Just not in America.
Fuck you for denying us a moral case for separation you cracker half-kike.
New Africa would be a mostly self governing dominion with an appointed White governor leading it. All of the previous Mestizo inhabitants will be relocated and all Negroes in the United States and Canada will be moved here.
Give them one of the southern states. They don't need all that land. They make up like 13% of the population
How about zero?
Ironically the more successful black societies in the US was during segregation
That shit wont ever happen. Im talking how do we solve this problem in this timeline?
>Meet crime with extreme prejudice
nuke israel
martial law
replace the federal prison system with deportations to africa
The way to promote good fatherhood in black communities is to promote the idea of stable fathers and give incentives to black fathers such as paternal leave
why arent they showing off there AR15's instead?

Buddy you’ve got a point there
If you stop rewarding single-motherhood their entire culture will change. Pic related.
you're a dipshit, they CANNOT coexist with modern humans
Deporting to Africa won/t happen. A genocide will likely happen at some point in the future. If nothing else the kikes will take them out with a biological once whitey is dead.
as a back up.
Turn off all gibs and stop harassing people who carry.
Increase gun ownership among disadvantaged minorities.
#1 problem facing black communities is they're niggers
Go to war
Attract all the niggers to one or two cities. Hell least just give them the whole city. Something like Chicago. A city we would not miss losing. Then we nuke those cities... problem solved
It really is that simple.
Areas cordoned off by national guard for black only areas. Curfue, military apv patrols, limited travel passes, laser tripwire systems, gunshot detectors, immediate punishment, sterilization of repeat criminals. No drugs or alcohol, or severly limited use based on behavior. Public hangings.
The fuck you talking about? Rewarding? The nigs abort as frequent as they shit.
Hummmm you might have something there
Whoever pushed 69 to the place he is today has the same idea
legalization of all drugs. they will dissapear over night. gangs are the same as any other business. cut off their revenue and they will wither and die.
Get the blacks and illegals to infight. I think they mostly hate eachother anyways.
Don't they already have gay undertones with the sagging of the pants shit. Since it started in prison, which meant they were open to be fucked by there nigger inmate friends
The literal only way is to either deport them (entirely reasonable and doable) or enslave them.
That depends on the circumstances. Reality is though that they receive on average around 30k a year by having two children. That's much more than a person with an IQ of 80 or under would earn on the market. It's a good career decision for them to have children with random people. The current rate of single-motherhood in the black community is over 70%.
Allow housing and job discrimination again (i.e. freedom of association)
I thought the problem was too much paternal leave???
The same way America deals with other niggers. Isolate them into a remote town, take away jobs, then send gibs. Open a few bars, send heroin, and an abortion clinic.
Offer every black a one time cash reward of $5000 to get castrated. It would cost billions of dollars, but we would soon recoup our losses.
Very good point, this is why I think it’s been going on for awhile but honestly I think 4chan could do a better job if we focused a memetic war on the Chicago area specifically
Legalize all drugs, move cops to the fringe of the ghetto on a calls-only stance, they can then sort their own shit out. Also it would help to not tie benefits to being jobless, if you eliminated the min wage you could actually require a job to get food stamps and housing assistance.
Public school is $10k a year
holy shit this is genius, 100x better than ubi
End welfare. We basically pay them to exist, so not doing that would be a good start....
I think the best solution would be to partition into white America and shitskin + shitlib land.
>Whites cooperate, rebuild, survive
Oh! My apologizes. It's a knee jerk reaction. I see "how are we going to solve the nigger problem" and my mind goes straight to ethic cleansing and nuking them into dust. Divide and conquer has always worked and there is sooo many different ways to do it. And yes the spics and nigs already don't like each other.
100% this. That's a good step 1.
Are you looking for a magic wand? WTF?
from what? welfare?
legalization of drugs.make jazz cool again.
anon that is how we arrived at this problem in the first place
Give them each a million dollars to leave and never come back
Offer 10k to have their tubes cut. Seriously, that's enough quick money a huge chunk of them will do it, since they don't normally plan ahead. They'll do self-select eugenics and solve their own problems in a generation.
Agreed, Chicago is already a big crack there armor. Take advantage of a weak spot. Was it Chicago that made the local stores that had bullet proof glass in them, take the glass down?
Behave and integrate / get useful to society or stay on food only, or get fucked up when comitting crime antics.
CASH MONNNAYYYYYYY for sterilization.
We haven't had a major reboot since nam
i live in the deep south and a lot of black ppl actually act white af. a lot of black college girls like white guys and are all over my dicc
ell/ partake in it.
Pic for fun.
The reason black fathers don't stick around is because black women intentionally run them off for gibs. Black women have to be honestly addressed before any real progress can be made. It's easy to bash black men, because nobody gives a fuck about them at all, it's easy but not productive at this point.
I see a difference a between a black person and nigger. We all know a nigger when we see and hear them
Reduce gibs.
Related.
Kill em all. Deport to Africa.
"Tackling the school to prison pipeline" initiatives are sneaky ways of saying not enforcing laws and giving them free reign. Liberals cite misleading statistics to pump up drug crimes in prisons/jails, but it's 10-15% if that. Everyone else are violent offenders.
Are you retarded? Those two are the only solutions. What the fuck else are you going to do? Edit all their genes?
whats the problem, contract out prison service to china or sierra leone, anyone sentenced to more then three years get shipped of the continent
You're a retard
Unironically the only answer is a job: get those displaced communities working (wage slaving for corporate masters) and they won’t have time for drugs, too many babies, and gangs. True story
donate to planned parenthood
They're not involved fathers in Africa, either. It's not uncommon for the male to laze around under a tree while the sheeboon works for 12 hours a day. Working to produce excess is a northern thing
Above all, nuke Israel.
Recruit gang members as an Urban Army to fight Chinese Communists
We're not talking about Africans. Prior to second wave feminist legislation black American families were together. This is a statistical fact.
I think that at this point it doesn't make sense to categorise people by race. You could be asking better questions than, "how do we fix black people?" Such as how do we educate people? How do we help others see the importance of that education? What can we do about the way media glorifies violence?
Shoot niggers from beyond 50 feet
But in self defence.
Bigfoot is out there you know that he don''t care about his life of solitude
More education and more programs won't do shit.
t. boomer white liberal
They were supposed to be shipped to liberia after the civil war. But too many cucks craved bbc.
change your foreign policy and get results.
I love this idea. Even give them free welfare and weed if they castrate.
deport to africa
This is just a shirt list that popped into my head. Israel is our enemy..

OPEN BORDERS FOR ISRAEL
Is there any sauce for any of this. Im genuinely curious.

SURE! Let us kill some jews folks!
It goes on and on and on.
l-bush-saddam
Awesome! Thanks, bud
Why would I doubt this?
/status/1025586524782559232
>you will never hang out with Trump and be making troll tweets like you were prank calling with friends.

Q predicted this
career-take-off/
Those fucking glasses! He looks so goofy.
trump is feelin good tonight, he might need to calm down tho
Make sure you don't have a vagina.
Absolutely fucking rekt these two uppity fake smart niggers he is truly in perfect shitlord form tonight
Dang he put her out there, finally!
thread here
Who's Mike?
Michael Jordan
He's giving them literal rope, crazy timeline
Trump is trolling on a level that's unheard of. Bless him.
He has no fucking chill. After all that retarded sycophantic press Lebron got this week for his muh little kangz academy to just shred him at 11pm on a friday night he just started a thousand debates/fights at bars around the world
REEEEE TRUMP RACIS!

screen cap this
LeBron is Jewish.
Did they ever find out who spray painted nigger on his mansion?

Cracks me up. God I fucking love this man.
Yeah fucking right. He's had the same muslim style beard since they got him to convert.
PR propaganda bullshit. he's a muslim.
Youll be deaad soon when Iran bombs Israel. Have fun bitch.
Have fun dying and watching Israel burn to the ground bitch
There's a difference between a hand out and a hand up.
based trump
The beard is just to hide the atrocious growth hormone jaw.
I would give up my left nut to see Israel get glassed
He a indalektual okay.
No. It won't be nuked. Itll be given to the Palestinians and you'll die protecting Bibi.
trump is so petty. i really thought shit like this would've stopped once he became president. this is shit a teenage girl would write
lol y u so mad
Even better
jesus he's hilarious
>be Israeli
trump can't even spell
THE FLOODGATES ARE OPENING.
...and that's a good thing
trump is weening Americans off nigger ball, one sport at a time
I like Mike too Mr. President.
lol so sad you stupid cunt


Fuck you kike. Lebron is a Jew and he's going to prison for taking big secret Clinton Nike money for campaigning in Ohio days before the election.
>and he's going to prison for taking big secret Clinton Nike money for campaigning in Ohio days before the election.
Fuck off Lebron
When did you realize that non-whites only want to destroy you out of envy because you're clearly superior to them?
It's just exasperating
It's not even that, they're absolutely passive and accepting it. They just get riled up regularly by negromancers if you know what i mean.
in many ways whites are superior to jews, but that's not why jews want to destroy us. they just want to take over the world, and we're their #1 competition.
Will Admit, They have been able to effectively weaponize every technology that we have created for our own convenience. It Used to be that a simple gated community was enough to shield little Mary Sue from tha hood. Now Tyrone can use the internet to literally teleport himself right into her bedroom. This is the power of disruptive technology.
>tfw ywn have Anita drag her stained asshole across your lips while she drives thumbtacks into your cockmeat
no one is exempt from muttery in this country. unless you are an immigrated European with an uncut cock, you don't qualify as white.
Same as it ever was.
https://hooktube.com/watch?v=sNL352
But we know how well that panned out.
I want to force her to gag on my dick until she throws up all over me
My sides. Thank you, I needed the laugh.
IDvlH2jg

im not superior. I just got fired after a crazy amount chances. I should probably kill myself desu
That picture is so smug, I've got to save it for some groyper tier posting
The solution is to make sure Mary Sue sees a better option with you. All we have to do is strengthen white people and culture - ignore the nigs and spics.
We’re not Europeans we are Americans, something better. We decide what is white, not you faggots.
If for whatever reason you hang out with sjw poc for a long enough time, they will confess to you they wish they were white, they envy whites and want to be white and thus the projected hatred is really a desire to be something they will never be. Hence all the skin lightening creams world wide.
I will die for white people
Two species competing for the same limiting resource cannot coexist at constant population values. When one species has even the slightest advantage over another, the one with the advantage will dominate in the long term. This leads either to the extinction of the weaker competitor or to an evolutionary or behavioral shift toward a different ecological niche. The principle has been paraphrased in the maxim "complete competitors cannot coexist".
you don't get to be white because you want to be sweetie
I don't envy white people at all. What's there to envy about
The web can be used to propagate an alternative narrative including Entertainment broadcasts and music.
They have an actual soul for starters
Do they now? I'm pretty sure its just you insecure faggots who think that.
Am I not creative enough with small dick so I need to bow down to white people now or something?
CALM DOWN CHONG!
>tfw no jewess so suck on my shaved white balls and begging for my DNA when I watch the greatest lie ever told
Yeah right spic. Stop projecting and kill yourself.
keep fooling yourself
Reward based on merit is a trait only found in white people. Niggers dogs and jews not welcome
Wrong gif, shlomo
Did you start this thread after that leaf made a comment, making your same point, in another thread? Are you the dude that said something about being tempted to use his point, or is this all blending together?
Oh, and I'd fuck sarkeesian (sp?) really hard.
"THINK" I am White. Spics out now. Go back to africa nigger.
whatever you say mutt, you ain't fooling no one
Fucking wetback reject. All of america hates you. Why don't you beaner fakes take the hint and fuck off and leave. Go back to your third world tin shack slum nigger. You're mental issue is so deep now you are trying to tell White people that they are not White. This country isn't yours and nothing here belongs to you. Now you want to attack and destroy the people that it does belong to. You're a fucking joke. Wake up dreamer.
what's it like knowing you'll never be truly white mutt?
someone put that squidward back in the tank
Fucking nigger. That's all you have left passive aggressive faggotry. Pick your tree now, when the day of the rope comes we'll make sure you're swinging from it. We want our own country Pedro, and you're not a part of that. SPICS OUT NOW.
who is "we"? certainly not you, America is for actual white people. we already know you don't qualify mutt.
a jewess threw up on me while blowing me. I told her to clean it up with her mouth and finish. I didn't think she would, but she did. They're into shame.
As long as you know that you're not actually White Pedro. Now get back out in the fields nigger that lettuce isn't going to pick itself.
Oh, no, I never once claimed not to be white. Just said YOU weren't white since you were probably born here and have a mutilated penis, which is the mark of the Jew. Don't worry, MY people will save this country for you since you're incapable of it.
Non-White anons have actually come here and said just that.
"Your people" don't belong in this country. But I'm glad you've made it clear that the goal of "your people" is to take this country from the White people who created it, who it does belong to and turn it into a third world degenarate brown turd shithole like the ones your people come from. SPICS OUT NOW.
I had an Indian friend in school that confessed to me it'd be easier if he was white, saying that none of the girls liked him etc. That's my earliest memory of thinking "holy shit I love being white."
Post your unmutilated "white" cock to prove you aren't a mutt. I came here from Germany, I'm more white than you'll ever be Amerimutt
SPICS OUT NOW.
whatever you say mutt, we all know your true colors now. stop projecting, you aren't fooling anyone
immediately
SPICS OUT NOW.
sweetie, you have to be 18 to post here, and America is for actual white people like me. stop trying to make real white people look bad with your baby tantrums
SPICS OUT NOW.
They can never break our spirit boys, remember that.
even the way this cunt chews popcorn is annoying.
no one cares about your spirit, real whites don't concern themselves with mutts like you. post proof you're white or leave, stop trying to make us look bad.
The minute we go is when SHTF because they will then fight over what is left and who gets what. Frankly these retards know little that whites are the only thing keeping them from outright killing each other in an ethno war. They won't hold hands around the campfire after whites go, they will continue the fight and each group will slowly start to be at each other's throats.
SPICS OUT NOW
Im as white as you are, chill.
yeah, I'm pretty convinced you are an actual 56% and just upset you'll never pass as white. you were amusing either way mutt, stay salty
Whatever man I guess I shouldve said they cant break our white spirit or something.
I get my haircut at sport clips if thats proof for you haha
Absolutely based. The only enemies of whites are the white traitors and their pet evil shitskins who want to destroy them. Most Non whites are friendly, and some are allies.
- Why has /pol/ not taken over the world?
/pol/ is an echo chamber. It's not always right, you just don't hear any other opinions besides the 'approved' ones.
I don't Belize you.
Leafs cant do this all by themselves you know. Get your shit together you fucking lazy idiots.
And lets not forget
Juden Peterstein is a globalist neocon shill.
If you want to talk about a respectable leaf who is actually on our side doing heavy lifting, talking about Ricardo Duchesne: https://www.EuroCanadian.ca
Bump for truths anon.
>All America has is Spencer
And before them there were these guys.
Look at me, we are the Canada now.

One Assange is worth 10 of your leafs, mate, but he's kind of stuck in a 3rd world shithole called London right now.
Thanks Cucknada.
Stefan is a middle aged man with one child
This might as well be the face of your country
((((alt-right personalities)))

It's about time you started trying to cultivate people of worth. Now stop insisting they all obtain celebrity status to be of any value, and you may start to make some real advances. You have a long way to go before you begin to make up for pic related alone.
Based qt
Q predicted this
You know I'm somewhat surprised at this because I know Canada has no freedom of Speech and the Fed has no qualms over jailing people over quibbles. That Molymeme or JF (is he still a thing) isn't a jail is a constant source of amazement for me.
based leafs
Identity Evropa
literally who
we have Identity Evropa and there's the Euro branch. what does Canada have again? $27 SunnyD?
They have Alex jones.
and Molymeme and Lauren Southern are both shapeshifting cryptojews. how can you even attempt to call Molymeme alt-right? top kek. Peterson is openly anti-alt-right. u r blowin in your own wind, leaf
The Left cant Me...
Are whitez the ultimate we wuzers
Opinion disregarded
White rulers lived in palaces they didn't farm outside shirtless
0a/58502.PNG
Meds dont burn like irish..
LITERALLY nobody here has ever claimed they were white
Still shit skins, but not niggers.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sunsc
Wasn't the Ptolemy line Greek?
And y'all still think Chinee peepo rool'd ancient china?
thats why we had niggers to haul umbrellas around and wash dicks
Retardation of this level shouldn't be legal
lmao nogs btfo
>the sun gets significantly more intense from alexandria to crete
who the fuck said egypt was white?
LOOK AT THESE PROUD BLACK EGYPTIANS!
We wuz rushanz and sheit I swear to gawd
I see that they went to the same school of racial science as Elizabeth Warren.
the original pharoahs WERE irish

Ramses even had red hair, the worst for sun. Good thing he had all those niggers building him palaces and washing his dick
Nah, see here boy, you moon crickets aren't that bright so you don't actually understand much of anything except weed, malt liquor, your check, and dat ass. Let me help you out. The White Egyptian ruling class was all up in the palace whist the nigger slaves were out doing what nigger slaves have been doing for thousands and thousands of years. Your great, great, great, grandaddy was wiping the greasy sweat off his shiny black brow while picking massa's cotton. His burr headed ashy kneed ancestor was doing the exact same thing harvesting whatever crop ancient Egyptians needed. Niggers have always been and will always be niggers. Just the way things are anon.
I don't know why they have to be dicks about it. You don't see me attacking blacks for needing a Vitamin D pill or a glass of milk. Jeez
We wuz ancient egypshun astronuts to nigguh
how much you want to bet it was a pastey white soiboi too
Don't use the caucasoid skull angle because afro semetic ethnic groups have caucasoid skulls too. And most of them are down river of Egypt.
Just give it up, they could easily run a functional society and shieeet
I find all of this race shit hilarious because this is exactly how you guys sound when it comes to the Jews. literally horseshoe theory
the scottish and irish.
finally someone with common sense
shut the fuck up leaf
Also it wasnt whites it was meds.
but that doesnt mean a entire race thought that
Saint patrick's day is OUR day bitch!!!!
How is someone that stupid to not cover up or get out of the sun before they get burned to such a degree
Muh KANGZZZZ
I can't understand the fucking Irish either.
t. Reagan Gallagher
By the first century bc Egypt was a shadow of is greatness of the Old or New Kingdom days...1500bc or so.
Only Caucasoids had caucasoid skulls. And to that the fact that they all had Caucasoid DNA proves the Ancient Egyptians weren't black
Getting tired of this shit
Greeks are Meds of mostly Early Neolithic Farmer stock like Italians. They developed the right genes to endure extreme heat better than Nordcucks. Even Aristotle mentions this. >Aristotle contended that the Greeks were an ideal people because they possessed a medium skin-tone, in contrast to pale northerners.
Gay argument.
>the moors were white
The original Chinese were white, dumbass. Now there are only niggers, more precisely mongrels.
Are Greeks white? If your answer is yes, then the ancient Mediterranean peoples were also white
This orginal Aryan KANGZ were albino Russian big foots
get that through your head retard
The ancient Egyptians used sunscreen -- The first known record of such.
Never seen a darkie do a days work so nothing to compare it to.
>The moors were white
Just as gay as skin is the reason niggers ruled ancient egypt.
Scotland is named after Scotia - an exiled Egyptian queen
Dude, Ethiopians, Eritreans, and Somalians are considered caucasoids, and they are very African. The skull shape is a bad argument due, especially due to possibility of someone pointing out that Ethiopia and Egypt are one Nile boat ride away.
You Pro-Blacks/Jew Larpers haven't realized Whites have been in South Africa for the last 400 years, have you?

Why were they so skinnyfat?
Am i going to be allowed in the ethnostate if i can handle some UV?
imagine the smell
Agrarian diet. Lots of grains.

Skin cancer comes from lack of sunlight and using toxic sunblock. Niggers get skin cancer 3x more than whites. Even in the winter time, niggers hide in doors and get sick. Niggers have to be in the sunlight constantly in order to stay healthy. Whites have natural protection from the sun. It's called sun tan. You're supposed to build up tolerance until you're gold or brass. I used to burn all time until I went out everyday. My skin is now a light bronze, my hair turned blonde naturally, and my eyes are lighter.
But there is evidence that during times of crisis, the Nubians from the south were called in as an impartial party to rule over Egypt until the crisis was gone. So if there was trouble in the line of succession, a civil war, or an invasion, this would happen. Don't throw out history just because you can't accept that some dynasties were actually negroids.
Think of your exclusion as a tragic side effect of not wanting Australians in the ethno state.
Also Australia, one of the harshest sunny shitholes on gods green earth...these dumb niggers
Because they were rich
Yup. *Snap*
>tier 3: race science is real but wrong
Skin cancer is one of the most mild forms of cancer there is. It doesn't even effect you until your 70s. Not to mention the fact that Whites knew how to create things like clothing and shelter.
lmao Nubians invaded Egypt successfully once and it ruined the whole empire.
The 25th (Kushite ) dynasty established after the Nubian invasion of Egypt. For all of 88 years yes.
I know, but do you consider East Africans not African, or not black?
Obviously whites weren't working in the sun all day like the dark slaves.
WE WUZ GINGER N SHEIT
The eternal Fin-gol....
what is clothing?
Well yeah, It goes back to my point.
>what is tanning over a period of time
beaners in the field are fully clothed because they burn too
Egyptians aren't white, stupid. They are from ancient ethnic tribes and one barely exists today (Copts). Also, there is evidence, or at least speculation that Nubians were called in several times during times of invasion from west asian kingdoms.
this is a bait thread and if you have more than 1 reply in this thread, you got baited and jewed, congratulations you fucking retard
Ancient world was Celtic
The German colonists literally built entire towns and a railroad in the desert in a few years.
Had a sunburn like that once but on my entire torso and arms. I didn't sleep for like 4 days. Couldnt go outside during the day for 12 days.
TF are you memeing lmao
If you have to say something is at least speculation you don't have evidence.

Ptolemaic Kingdom.
Egyptians today aren't white because they were raped by Arabs and then bred with Negroid slaves brought by the Arab slave traders. Sad but true
Common knowledge
>let's keep voting liberal when we can sell a lions head for enough $$ to feed our ancestors village for a generation

Just cover your skin up with clothes you idiot. Even the mexicans with dark skin still wear wear long sleeved shirts and scarves while working in the sun all day.
you're a fool
Watch the first episode of the Royal marine officer video Ep.1. the black man could not continue because the environment was too cold for him and the British officers simply said that if he was to be deployed to the arctic he would not be allowed.
Copts were never raped by Arabs. You check their genetics, they have little to no arab admixture. Copts dont look white at all, they look like Turks.

What were the names of the mummies studied in the "white" study? Do we even know that they were actual 'Egyptians"?
The guy in the picture is Scottish, we just had a heat wave of around 25-30c and are all struggling with it. I go to Spain and the people there cope with that shit like it's nothing. Why am I replying to an obvious bait thread?
WeLLL actually it was alien Bigg headed grey alien duh
All Egyptian populations have received some Arab and Negroid admixture due to the rise of Islam, Copts just have the least admixture.
That's 1 line. That's exactly like niggers saying Dey Wuz Kangz
most Turks are darker than Copts.
Lol I thought black people were supposed to be better evolved for the sun?
True, but to say that their physiognamy changed so dramatically because of it, is ridiculous. The ethnic tribes of Egypt were not indo-european and definitely not white.
Sure thing bucko
Here's another picture.
Scythian, to be precise. unfortunately if you jewgle "scythian" you find disinfo. Celtic is close enough
thats the dumbest anecdote ive ever heard
What is your pic implying?
They definitely had light skin and were Eurasian/Caucasian and they definitively were not Negroids so yes by the broad definition they were white.
Upper Egyptians are the most indigenous people in egypt. They are literal descendants of ancient egyptians, and were still writing in heroglyphs when the rest of the world found them.
18th dynasty
Time to btfo out of the nogs again
Scythian you say
I couldn't make this shit up anon.
You have to parse phonetics (persephone) and understand Metred speech (demeter) to get it.
Come on anon, you can do better than that. What about my post was wrong?
Ancient Egyptians were closer to Levantines, it's an established scientific fact. A "native" Egyptian would look more like Assad than Obama.
everyone and their mothers ruled Egypt at some point.
Who were the mummies tested for the "white" study? How do we even know they were "Egyptians".
Have you ever see a fucking med? Then again many here won’t call meds white.
the entire world was Gaelic. Gaels built the pyramids. this was before the great flood
White means caucasoids from European ethnic groups. There isn't a broad term for white (unless you think Hispanics, Arabs, and mulattos are white). Also, when Arabs conquered places, they would try to never mix with the natives because they thought it would sully their Arab culture and society. Also, if all Copts are Christian and there is a death sentence for apostasy is Islam, why does it make sense that Copts mixed with the muslim Arabs? Mixed religious marriages also didn't exist back then (muslim women at least) under Muslim rule.
Is that a picture of Copts? If so most Turks are whiter than Copts.
What were the names of the mummies studied? How do we know they were even Egyptian and not Immigrants.
a couple hundred years from now blacks will say that south africa, a country founded by whites, and coincidentally the only successful country in africa, was always a black country. it's how the circle of history goes i guess
You know who didn't rule Ancient Egypt? Sub-Saharan Africans.
And the Moors were literal native Iberians converted to Islam, just as Indonesians are South-East Asians converted to Islam and Bosnians are Serbocroats converted to Islam. Not even Arabs, Turks and North Africans are the same people, racially speaking, yet all of them are muslims, why would the Moors suddenly either be literal racial Arab, every single one of them, or even be darker than Arabs or North Africans (Afrocentrists claim they were black). It's retarded. You just see an historically advanced civilization and want to be related to it somehow by making shit up.
I like Australians desu. In fact my bronze skin only extends to where my shorts and tank top don't cover, so i have that 'strayan tan going right now. Can i come live in the bush with you if they don't let me in?
is this dare I say it, /ourbug/?
Nigs can't explain this
they were not egyptian. correct. but they were pharoahs. dynasties 1-12, and atleast 18
The Egyptians were Caucasian, just like the moors, not the same thing as "white" necessarily. Whites (northern europeans) are just a subtype of caucasians.
They look exactly like Turks. Put all of these in Turkey, no one would notice they're foreigners.
I know right? They literally look like guatemalans. That anon is tripping for implying that they look whiter than turks.
Is that Anderson Cooper?
you might be onto something.
the shitskins took over in the 13th dynasty and ruled until 18th
Call an Egyptian black and see what happens.
They have to be Black or White, there's no other choices.
Q predicted this
mmm hmm. redheads don't do so well in the sunshine. usually don't see them outside in the summer until the end of august.

Yeah, they did. Why do you think head scarfs and robes were invented?
Niggers are so fucking stupid. Meds don't burn like nords. I'm Italian and Portuguese and I get this thing called a tan

Proof evidence then we talk
English needs a second person plural. Either embrace "y'all" for fulfilling that need or go back to saying "ye."
Wasn't there a recent election in Zimbabwe? I heard something about the ruling party winning again.
gooks confirmed for ayylamo hybrids

imagine being this fucking retarded.
Where/how did she get it?
By that measurement there was a single Nubian Dynasty much earlier. You're seriously doing the same we wuz shit.
Fuck whichever lepidopterist did that got some sweet octogenarian loving for that.
Hmmm I rest my case
no they were mixed. They were mulattic people like black americans.
Did you know that the Proto-Indo-Europeans and the tribes that crossed into the America's have a direct common ancestor? Whats crazy is that native americans have more in common with nords because of this, than they do with orientals. In fact, they barely have anything in common with orientals because they never contacted them in their travels through Siberia into the Bering Strait.
What the fuck am I looking at
holy shit lol
Strangely I feel no different about celebrating...
Egyptians are Egyptians, they are not white, black or chinese, they are fucking egyptians
A must-read. pdf is free
Is it pseudoscience and revisionism?
>what is tanning
its irish tradition/oral history of the world
Oh wow, sound awesome.
The great pyramid was actually a whiskey still?
cheap vegetable oils cause sunburn.
They weren't Northern Europeans but they weren't Sub-Saharan Africans either. They were Mediterraneans.
Does he look white, /pol/ ?
Pushkin was part black
That nigger just fell into the embalming pit when he tried to steal some vinegar for making jenkum.
They were greeks LARPing as pharaohs
Based.
why do niggers think whites ruled Ancient Egypt?
>mfw watching Americans and other random nations argue with confident ignorance, Google Image searches and YouTube knowledge over shit that does not concern them
That's a painting from the Roman period...also doesn't look like a west African bantu nigger
Honestly he looks really Jewish. LET MY PEPLE GO
Yeah, but he's not white, right?
Never trust a paddy
But it's true. There were black rulers and white rulers in ancient Egypt. I don't understand why people fight over who actually inhabitated it or ruled it, ancient Egypt was multi racial as hell
I don't think anyone is claiming Ancient Egyptians were snowniggers.
brpchxuk
He looks like he should be playing for golden state.
Racial mixing to destroy enemies is a tactic Jews have successfully employed for thousands of years.
East African black dynasties came in long after the creation of the New Kingdom....kind of like Obongo becoming president of the US and claiming nignogs wrote the declaration of independence
Let me go out into the sun some more to take this picture
This the Ptolemic era were Greeks leftover from Alexander the greats conquests. Nordics were still battling out as tribe in the far north as were the Germans and various other Germanic-Nordic tribes.
But he is not european, these mummies are the closest to ancient egyptians
Arabs have only controlled Egypt since they defeated the Byzintines around 1400 years ago and took over...mediterranean history is complicated
i just get burnt once then im tan, and immune to the sun for the summer. whats the big deal?
Do you find it a little odd sometimes? Do you sometimes visit the reservations where some of the left over natives supposedly live?
Nah... We didn't steal. We won. A communist should know all about the def of stealing.
I like to drive through ghettos and reservations to look at the wild life, its like a safari, neither will ever do anything to stop me, Never. They're all talk, always have been
You mean social service centres like centrelink¿
Meh, we conquered it. If they wanted to keep it, they should have put up a better defense. If whites want to keep the West, we had better start putting up a defense, or it will be taken from us like we took it from others.
*or it will be taken from us like we took LAND from others.
rollin to see if he turns his son into a dickless tranny fag
By the law of adverse possession, long standing land ownership cannot be questioned by vague and ancient claims.
We won the game faggo. We got complacent but your screeching woke us up. Good job! You played yourselves.
yes I visit the big casinos on indian reservations and get to listen to indians talk about their 5000 a week free money from the government
We fought them on the battlefield
there's very few lands - if any - on Earth that isn't stolen through might.
Indians were constantly warring with all the other tribes stealing land, people, food. They would have done to us, what we did to them in a heartbeat and bragged all night around the campfires about it. Guilt is not an issue.
I feel nothing but pride in what my fellow anglos have achieved.
This isn't a white power ego trip, I'm stating it a a centrist
I look down my nose on coons and curse the settlers for not btfoing them more thoroughly.
pretty sure we bought most of it.
It was acquired through conquest, so no I don’t find it a little odd. Then again, I don’t have a pile of rancid dicks where my brain should be.
Incidentally, you should drop your memeflag so that we can lecture you on your own country's history
I doubt you actually give a shit about the natives though OP, for the most part the muh stolen land crowd only wants to shit on white people, you never hear them demanding the Chinese free Tibet or for the Turks to withdraw from Constantinople.
Which is why they don't give two shits what happens to the indigenous peoples of Europe
It never crosses my mind. Neither do all the animals that die for my food. Same goes for the kids unborn from my jizz rag. Same goes for the kids who mass produce my shoes, cell phone, and TV. Same for the entire mother nature that my ancestors dominated.
YKcVUhDk
Imagine a world in which every single square inch of land is populated solely by white Europeans! You're all imagining paradise, aren't you? The things we could have accomplished. Whenever I think about the missed opportunity I become filled with a great sadness.
Yeah but think of all those rednecks and chavs we'd also have
What value is in feeling bad about the circumstances that created me? Should I truly fight the forces that brought me about?
Indians lost. End of story
The white man wasn't totally adapted to life in Africa, though, and a lot of would-be early colonists in the central part of the continent died from diseases (though they did better further south where it's more temperate). It's kind of like the way that black people in North America and Europe have massively elevated rates of vitamin deficiencies and mental illnesses from being at the wrong latitude
kill yourself faggot
Well said/pol/ BASED
Yes goy, you're bad and your ancestors were bad and you should feel bad
There is no one who doesn't live on stolen land.
It is true most of my cousins are on some form of benefit so nothing to argue about
Chavs and rednecks are created by societal ills. Things like welfare and poor education. If White people owned the entire planet the free trade and incredible technological advances would solve many of these problems. We'd have an entire planet of resources at our disposal. There'd be no rap music to infect our children and turn them into wigger chavs and Israel would be a Christian KINGDOM, as it should be, so no jews peddling their disgusting degeneracy.
haha I triggered a mudslime. Go prostrate yourself to a concrete square, Abdul.
if we didn't come here the natives would still be killing each other with wooden sticks and living in mud huts. now they get to live carefree lives with tons of gibs
yeah we would have avoided a lot of bull shit had they finished the job a couple hundred years ago
Black people suffer from mental illness wherever they go because they're not equipped to live in a civilised society.
I'm not sure how to articulate it properly, one native might view progress as submission whereas another just wants to forget where they come from, but neither can deny or escape either society or their heritage completely.
All land is stolen you stupid faggot
If you are using the the strong take it all dont cry when the jews are doing the same to you
We're aware that life is a Darwinistic struggle. But more people should know that parasites can be even more deadly than obvious predators
Everyone was playing the same game at that point in time just because you hate the winner doesnt mean all others are suddenly absolved of their bullshit you stupid fucker.
fuck natives
fuck em
Fuck no.
So we have the same right to live in australia as a british nation like chinese do to stay in china
there are only 3 races by skull type..negroid, Caucasoid and mongoloid....Asians and latino's are caucasoid..even though they may think they are negroid...they are not...
Asians are mongoloid. WTF!
Asians and latinos are Caucasoid...
the aborigines of Australia are mongoloids...
How many visible colors are there on the spectrum? It depends on how you choose to divide them.
Race has nothing to do with skin color.
are you retarded?...or just stupid enuff to think what you just typed means anything?
Asians are not Caucasoids.
No they are Australoid you idiot
Then who's mongoloid?

there are 3 races by skull type...you are obviously 1 of the stupid people of your race
The mongaloid skull is not far enough. There are Boreans and Notuns.
Asians are mongloid and there aren't only 3 races. That's simplifying it. In reality there are literally 30 something races going by genes and phenotypes.
I admire your willingness to be stupid and wrong...
[spoiler]In Asia![/spoiler]
you lady are stupid...
She's so qt and smug all the time.

Fucking Zionist shills hate sexy traps for some reason
you are wrong...negroid, Caucasoid, mongoloid...black man, white man, aborigine...by skull type...mutts don't count for shit
you fuck ass cumskin
And yes, Jews are clearly not Mongoloid or Negroid.
Your mum mate. Fucking textbook mong if I've ever seen one.
He’s asking because the idiot OP classed Mongoloid Asians as Caucasoids.
AHHAHAAAAA POINT AND FUCKING LAUGH
Skull type means very little in practice.
mongolians u fucking retard
spoken like a true negroe
But you can't deny that there are differences in skull shape between (pure) races.
there are 3 races by SKULL type...dumbfux
I think he's using "Asian" in the British way; like Indians and Arabs, not orientals.
arabs are also caucasoid...even though a millenia of imbreding has left the skull of some arabs mis-shapen and gross...
and a recent news story from india(caucasoid's) indicated a pregnant goat died after being raped by 8+ indian males...there is no evidence that negroes fuck goats more than caucasoids...
Lindsay Shephard is so god damn hot. And she's probably hit the final redpill by now due to all the abuse from lefties and Jews.
when you type...no1 gives a fuck
take the eceleb pill

aboriginals have a distinct skull, retard

Question is, how does skull type affect intellect and shit?
you are either a nigger, a cracker...or a mongoloid...pick 1...
You can't punctuate spoilers.
Well when it's outside the head the person is usually only a bit smarter than a nigger.
obviously whitey is the smartest...
Latinos are a mix, but primarily asian
Wait what? Pretty much all non negroids are smarter than negroids. You saying its cuz of the way their skulls are?
Interesting question
there is no way she is not on the spectrum
Even better, anon. Wayyyy better.
wrong...
Cannabalism = homicidal cannibalism
But there's no such thing as Japanese people. They are just Chinese who moved to a little island and lived by themselves for a while. Their religion and language and everything is inherited from Chinese. So how can you say they're unique? They're more like a tiny little branch or sub-variation of Chinese culture.
But does skull shape and size affect it?
If Asians are Caucasoid then who are the mongoloids? Other than op I mean.
Wait, hold on a sec
Caucasoid drops negroid...easily
Nips are what the Chinese should be.
It correlates
I'm saying if the person is dead (skull outside their head) they're slightly smarter than a kaffir.
can you guess where the term MONGOLoid makes reference to?
Finally, the genetic distance between Homo sapiens and Homo erectus is estimated as 0.170 (mean given as 0.19), about the same as the genetic distance between the Bantu Africans and the Eskimos, but the genetic distance between living Africans and Eurasians is 0.23. Thus, Homo sapiens is more closely related to Homo erectus than Eurasians are to sub-Saharan Africans. Either erectus should be reclassified as Homo sapiens erectus or sub-Saharan Africans should be reclassified as Homo africanus.
There's also australoids and I believe inuits are their own thing too, but there are 3 main races.
What if its a negroid with its skull outside its head
>know that your people's name is a word-root for "retard" and occasionally used as a synonym for "Asian"
I am an ape american and I aprove this message ooga booga nice nums bytw fame
hmmm. What did OP mean by this?
It's not because you're retarded though it's just because people with Down syndrome look Mongolian
untrue literary stupid shit...mongoloid may be(theory) the "oldest" skull type of modern(Caucasoid, negroid, mongoloid) skull types
True. The bible says there are 3 main races as well. Everything else is a mix or a subrace
What about Australoids you nitwit
Literally just Homo Erectus moron, they aren't even a different race, but a whole other Hominid subspecies.
You're a Homo Erectus
I wish this video had sound it must sound tasty
1 theory suggests aborigines of Australia were isolated before caucasoids and negroes arose
I'm aware it's because people used whatever funny terms for things they could find during the age of discovery. I'm not offended either, just kind of confused.
and the bible said that long before modern humans realized it...
What about jew skulls, what are these creatures?
They never were or thought themselves to be niggers, what in the actual shit are you talking about op
there are 3 races by skull type...Caucasoid, Negroid and Mongoloid
It means someone needs to give her the D and set her straight.

Q predicted this
Jews are mixed
Armenoid
Soooo.... what are they?
Asians are mongoloid your retard.

The core of jewry is the coming together of rootless, rejected, asocial, sick, and degenerate elements of the various races, predominately of Middle Eastern and Oriental origins. One should remember that in antiquity, lepers were ejected from their racial community, just as were criminal asocial elements.
you are a moron
This jewish counter-race incorporated to the greatest degree the bad characteristics of nearly all races that it had inherited over the centuries by a process of negative selection. The jewish racial mish-mash primarily carries the traits of the Middle Eastern and Oriental races, but also influences of the Eastern, Western, and Nordic races. Mongolian and Negro traits also are frequently present.
you are a hateful person that feels comfortable demonizing other humans
While National Socialism brought about a new version and formulation of European culture, Bolshevism is the declaration of war by jewish-led international subhumans against culture itself. It is not only anti-bourgeois, it is anti-cultural. It means, in the final consequence, the absolute destruction of all economic, social, state, cultural, and civilizing advances made by western civilization for the benefit of a rootless and nomadic international clique of conspirators, who have found their representation in jewry.
probably just as qt as her face
you should be aware when you type what you think...other people think less of you
These groups joined jewry through prosyletism, meaning religious conversion, but do not belong to the foreign tribes that are part of the jewish racial mixture. Although they belong to the jewish religious community, they are not part of jewry in the narrow sense.
Don't quit your day job kike
Asians are rice niggers and Latinxs are as varied as the rainbow. Do you have any idea how diverse Mexico actually is?
Jewry is neither a race nor a mixed race. It is a confusing mixture of races, racial mixtures, and racial fragments, artificially held together by its rabbis. It acts as a kind of counter-race, which can only destroy, never build. Jewry is the product of the inbreeding of asocial, criminal, sick, degenerate, and rejected elements of every possible race in the ancient world. Jewry is neither a race nor a people nor a religion in our sense of those words. It possesses no homeland, but leads a rootless, parasitic life at the expense of the host peoples. Its current homeland is largely the criminal neighborhoods of the great cities of the world, its god is money, its policy is revolution and the destruction of the cultural treasures of mankind.
now you just sound like an evil wanna-be...wanna-be w/mommy issues...did your mom slap you off of her tit before you wanted her to?
Yes, yes, we all know it hurts to be dumped by a Jewish girl.
His mom lets him walk all over her, actually.
Asians are mongoloid actually, so are some native americans. Latinos are mixed, since they're descended from Spanish colonists, natives, and some blacks.

Are you sure? I thought they were White.
This is a slide thread.
Where is Mongolia? Where is the Caucasus mountain range?
Then what are Asians named for? The "As" mountains? There's no "As" mountains, brainlet.
why? she recently defended white nationalism. Constantly moving towards the right.
he was born w/a silver foot in his mouth
Asia, which is a massive continent rendering the term "asian" almost entirely useless.
Those 30 are sub-categories of race.
Correct. It's a silly made up term. Asians are White.
Why do some of you want a homogeneous society?
I am still the OP.
Multicult means London.
bringing large amounts of people who arent of the same blood together results in bloodshed
It's more peaceful and successful than non-homogeneous societies
It's comfy.
To minimize conflict of interest.
If I want to see nigger I'll go to the zoo.
I want to pay less taxes by not having unproductive low IQ races in my country
I don't like the way that brown people look. They look like poverty and they look like they stink and their very presence is and insult to my sensibilities.
I'm just following orders from above. Specifically from the Moon.
Bigfoot is out there you know that he don'tt care about his life of solitude
no particular reason, i just though itd be funny
Just like any other system, introducing sufficient instability (via forcibly breaking up the society) renders it inefficient and eventually, destroys it.
Even if I was to be pro mixed immigration people who immigrate here now see NO culture and run straight for their own mini colonies and hunker down. That's just shameful in my opinion.
It may be a jewish trick but I learned in college that diversity within parents leads to better offspring with stronger and healthier genes. Parents that aren't diverse lead to weaker offspring. Maybe you beta autists really are purebred
First, explain to me why an all black basketball team is "diverse" but an all white society is "homogeneous", please.
Hybrid vigor is a meme. Half breeds have many more and unique health problems. Also if they need a transplant of some sort, even their own parents couldn't save them.
>Imagine much much more
s-tea-party-plot.html

I’d say good job, UK but you literally fined ober 300 pounds for keeping food wrappers from his work in his car and calling it industrial waste.
Are brit bongs fucking retarded? They don't even now what for life means.
>these are the advertisements
i can't believe they're written in english
top left corner free or F REE
A personal favourite of mine.

What kind of shit meth looks like breakfast cereal?
Q predicted this
we should complain that there's unequal advertisments. are arabs not good enough to advertise to?
Banana republic style.
That is just fucking too much. Holy shit
>this is the power of BLMposters

I find something really creepy about the line "everything is fine", you wouldn't need an advert like that if everything were fine. Who is paying for this?

>rape is older than language
good goyim buy more use credit and save.
Didn't you hear, anon? Everything is fine in the UK. Sure, thousands of people are locked up annually for what they post on Twitter. Sure, Muslim rape gangs have groomed tens, possibly hundreds of thousands of young British girls into the sex trade. Of course, your dystopian surveillance state bans you from carrying so much as a pocket knife while they fill your country with violent invaders. But everything's fine. Just get your crisps and pints loicense, buy some crisps and pints, and relax. What's there to worry about?

You sure this is England? Why aren't the signs in Arabic? If not for the native English, what about tourists from Sweden, France and Germany?
They think we are legal observers, but we're actually a trojan horse documenting their crimes and assisting the patriots. We've got some extra hats for patriots that want to infiltrate antifa with us tomorrow. If you do, bring a camera so that you can document everything that's going on. We know who the leaders are, so we'll point them out to you and then you just need to documents their crimes. If you want to do this with us tomorrow, just let us know on our discord
Way to blow your cover. They're going to vet applicants now.
>I'm in a social environment with people I'm not totally comfortable with
That's a jew bitch no doubt
They'll never see us coming, comrade.
Don Jr. got initiated last weekend
You could also try to use drones to get wide angle video footage.
Shhh, internal paranoia.
Q predicted this.
Fuck your shitty pasta, go back to /b/ kid
I am so sick of lawyers being an unelected fourth branch of government, especially when they hate the Constitution and public safety.
Also you could have a way to know who's the real ones and who's spies so you can take out the real ones. Hey By What Home Land Security Said. They Are Domestic Terrorists. And what do we do with terrorists?
I'm running a small 'observer' crew posing as ACLU. plan on making some citizen arrests
Put lsd and laxatives in the tofu pre-protest
Do me a favor and push the, pic related, people over the edge so we see them behind bars. Noting is more satisfying then to see them rage and then get locked away.
Welcome aboard, anon
All that has to happen tomorrow is to get footage, hold your ground and head up high and don't start any conflicts. Let the left do what they do so that their actions or inability to control their behavior exposes them as the lunatics they truly are. This is the redpill that gains us followers by the day. Hold the high road lads, not to say be a pushover but don't throw the first punch.
Interesting.
Idiot. You should have waited to post a few minutes before it hapoens at 4 pm tomorrow. You all are going to get fucked now.
nice, we're getting the jews on our side.
Not recommendable, try to get too close and it will get wrecked
>You all are going to get fucked now.
This is pure cringe, fuck off cringe troll
Its tommorow and they cant function without them
>NLG scumbags catching a bikelock to the ole noggin from paranoid antifa shits
It's too late to vet applicants. The observers are all just volunteers, and they don't have any special ID or licensing requirements. it's completely informal. And I didn't blow my cover because antifa doesn't come here.
id-Fart-Spray/161764293
Its not like antifa seems particularly difficult to infiltrate in the first place, but I'm sure you thought you were quite clever marking targets with a neon green jew star.
Antifags have come here in the past, but after they have been doxxed multiple times they don't come anymore
Cool! A new copypasta to filter!
As legal observers, we don't get involved in any violence and we stay far enough away from the violence to document it. A green hat is like a sheild, antifa is too stupid to even question us.
15 seconds into reading about this and I have seen more Jewish names than in the wikipedia article on Israel.
we're fine, trust me. I've been doing this for years. You have no idea how stupid they are. I've sent more than ten of them to jail and they still haven't realized it and never will. I've posted this openly on /pol/ a bunch of times and they still never figured it out.
Wait....why not get them high out of their fucking minds? If we want these childish turds to cram it we must convert them into hippies and the only way to do that is get their minds Far Out Man.
Spray antifa...
Q is a pedophile
Record them and send it to the fbi and police
use hidden cameras
"Gibson has also appeared on InfoWars...telling host Alex Jones that Patriot Prayer and Proud Boy members will disguise themselves as anti-fascist demonstrators at Saturday’s rally, donning masks to infiltrate their ranks."
Isnt that how it always is...
her neck always makes me feel uncomfortable, it looks like someone tried to garrote her and failed leaving a scar
I mean with someone like that its possible she attempted suicide at least once.
I'm looking forward to /pol/ mowing down a few more liberal scum.
>my mom yells outside to the dog "ENJOY UR BAN FAGGOT"
You're the same faggot on the Trump thread that's been shilling for Hillary. Saged, reported, hidden, called the cops, called the Fire Department, called pizza hut, called the USN, called the Royal Navy, called the Red Army, called the FBI. called the CIA, called Interpol, called the KGB, called the USMC, called the USAF, called the Royal Air force, called MI 6, called Scotland Yard, called the US National Guard of every state, called NYPD, called Obama, called the Queen, called Putin, called David Cameron, called every Governor of every US State, used my time phone to call Winston Church hill, As well as Hitler, Stalin, Theodore Roosevelt, George Washington, Montezuma, ever Caesar, and Gilgamesh, called US Army, called British Army in every era, called every phone sexline, called papa john's, called the US Coast Guard, called my State Senators, called my Senators, called every republican in the US, called Dr. Who, called the Pope, called my local Gang lords, called the State Patrol of ever state west of the Mississippi, called all of my local news channels, called Star Fleet, called The Sun, called The national enquirer, called CNN, called Scot Pelly, called Steven Colbert, called half of the Mexican Drug Cartels, called Nintendo, called the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force, called the head of the Illuminati, called ever free mason, called bilderberg, called my neighbors, called the mayor of ever city in France, called my mom, called the Emperor of Man, and called every school district in Canada.
[This post has been removed by the National Tolerance Monitoring Commission in your territory as it does not promote a climate of tolerance and it is not compatible with the EUROPEAN FRAMEWORK NATIONAL STATUTE FOR THE PROMOTION OF TOLERANCE because it promotes Hate crimes and/or Incitement to violence against a group and/or Overt approval of a totalitarian ideology, xenophobia or anti-Semitism and/or Public approval or denial of the Holocaust and a concrete action was taken to combat intolerance, in particular with a view to eliminating racism, colour bias, ethnic discrimination, religious intolerance, totalitarian ideologies, xenophobia, anti-semitism, anti-feminism and homophobia and to Promote tolerance within society. Please note that Juveniles convicted of committing crimes listed in paragraph (a) of the EUROPEAN FRAMEWORK NATIONAL STATUTE FOR THE PROMOTION OF TOLERANCE will be required to undergo a rehabilitation programme designed to instill in them a culture of tolerance. If this post was made from a school network from the primary level upwards, they will introduce courses encouraging students to accept diversity and promoting a climate of tolerance as regards the qualities and cultures of others and Similar courses will be incorporated in the training of those serving in the military and law enforcement agencies. Teaching materials for tolerance awareness courses (including syllabi) will be developed by Departments of Education to meet the needs. The production of books, plays, newspapers reports, magazine articles, films and television programmes – promoting a climate of tolerance – will be subsidized by the Government. Free legal aid will be offered to victims of hate crimes contained in this post for those exposed to its hate before an immediate action was taken.]
Portland antifa is armed
Keep your eyes peeled
They may conceal

ooooh so thats what a faggot looks like... interesting
Stay away from Portland donut & pizza shops
This is some Portland antifags, pretty sure you'll see him tomorrow
This is clearly an antifa attempt to fish people out. Good try. A few of us have infiltrated antifa more than 3 months ago and less than 14 months ago up in OR. It's not hard at all.
LOL FUCK CAPITALISM ANARCHY 5 EVER
>I'm not impressed with your room pizzaops
Come on you lurking Antifags. Everyone's going to be keeping an eye on the protest, so make it interesting. I want a show. Spray aerosolized LSD or something.
nice digits! quads of truth
cant wait to see the carnage
you don't have to hide the cameras. they expect legal observers to be filming.
I sent this thread to Rose City, we'll see what happens
Q predicted this
rofl the bong on the nightstand
I sure hope so!
aclu anon here. let them know we will be there
nothing will happen because I'm deleting this thread right now because of your faggotry. Also, I was just kidding about all this
does anyone know if there's a way to delete a thread once it tell you it's too old to be deleted? asking for a friend.
I DM'd RC and they will be vetting NLG people tomorrow
>they will be vetting NLG people tomorrow
That is awesome. Keep looking over there.
So you are a Jew? Because I'm pretty sure only Jews are allowed into the NLG.
Film it and share all you have with all alternative media anon.
i will be there and you wont do shit because i am jewish and you dirty goys obey me

How do you guys feel
Glad, because if they go public with this, it will turn the masses against them
May the wrath of Allah himself descend upon these degenerates.
like they cant defend this to anyone who's not muslim or doing the same mental gymnastics as them
is that tweet recent?
I'm pretty sure
This, we should be printing out these same posters with 'Vote Democrat this Midterm" at the bottom and putting them everywhere
That would be fun to watch we should probably bait them with another it's ok to be white then
Good idea
Exactly
Let the faggots tear each other apart, we will take the time to group and organize.
Due to fear of being doxxed and ruined
You guys are faggots and can't into propaganda. Please just keep these shit thoughts to yourself. The only downside to the poster as is is that color ink is so expensive.
No, it's people using LGBT to try to normalize pedophilia.
Love is love. Also never leave your son alone at home or else he will try on his mom's clothes.
The only true faggot here is you
Either way we still gotta deal with that
Id bet my credit card we will see a 'P' added to the giant fucking LGBTQFAG! acronym before I die. It hasn't just begun, it began awhile ago.

At this point people are placing bets on random letters
Very clever anon, this should be a thread
Kek. Islam is down with this shit.
In Canada we have added a number - 2. It means 'twin-spirited'. From what I can tell its a native trap.
This poster is already doing what it was intended for. Stop trying to shit it up with your faggot ass alterations.
YES MY BROTHA
Where is our Robert Deniro Taxi Driver vigilante character to wipe these fuckers out?
Christ
I wouldn't be sure about that to be honest
Adolf?
No idea man...no idea
This is probably a false flag.

No. We don't. We let them hang themselves with enough rope. Focus on waking up normies about this instead, for now. The reason this happened is that the bluepilled public thought the slippery slope of degeneracy->gay->trans->pedos was a fallacy. A ton of regular people are disgusted by shit like trans-children, but still too blackpilled by the (((media))) to really speak up. Imagine how many more will flip as pedo pride parades commence? The key is to not let them normalise it to themselves.

15 & 21 isn't pedo tho.
Alright that sounds like a good idea
>Implying that all that LGBTQ bullshit wasn't created for the ultimate goal of the normalization of pedofilia in the first place
Islam endorses 8 year old wives and Bacha Bazi Boys.
Age is just a number
So is 911
The last time one of (((them))) tried to pull one of these types of awareness movements in WeeVee, I watched a group of bikers set the signs on fire in broad daylight. Noseberg cried Shoah in the paper and the Sheriffs just shrugged their shoulders.
Shit is about to get out of hand.
You can't really tell
I'll go on a rampage as soon as they try to have pedo parades. That's my line in the sand. At least they will be ina large gathering
Oh for sure, and in the next few years. They're speeding all this social disintegration up. They've been pushing it subtly for a few years, but it keeps on getting resistance as the normies still need more fluffing first, as it's a big step. The other issue is that they use the number of pedos found in religion to undermine traditional moral authority and assume it for themselves. So it's a double edged sword, if they normalise Pedosexuality (which is what the SJW title will be) too fast, they remove one of their main propaganda weapons. They're going to need an interim meme step, like "most Pedosexuals don't actually rape kids you disgusting Nazi shitlords, only religious leaders do that".
This has to be a psy op. Which one of you faggots did this?
Keep ignoring us at your own peril. Or, in this case, your children's.
yea u can. the actual number of leftists that support pedos that ive seen is very low. theyre not out in the streets advertising this shit.
also, something about the way you type makes me think you're not a real /pol/ack
God I love James Woods
Based. I think I'll become a primary school teacher...
No, but go to some SJW circlejerk like reddit and see how much support exists. Quite a bit. Pedos that tell sob stories about their "struggle" are heavily upvoted. That shit will filter through to the mainstream, that's how it works.
Yeah, this is their great struggle. They have had decades insulting Catholics because Priests are involved and 'eww pedo'. They're going to claim pedos are 'born that way' (maybe they are, I don't know nor care really), but then they need to perform the gymnastics of why their prior mocking of Catholics was intolerant. I'm sure they will. Then again, I would view it as the effective end of civilization if they doubled-down and started pushing for state apologies to Catholic priest pedos (and other pedos) because of past intolerance. I honestly don't know at this point.

Hebephilia is still cool right?
The muslimification of our society to accept pedophile Muhammad is here
true. fucking jews.
What a gent.
The masses, nahhhh. It'll just turn more away. Then the next stupid shit will turn more away. The cycle will continue until they fade out of the limelight and back into their sick minds.
Lolicon paradise when?
Do you really think the left will be against this? If they think this is the lefts new position they will stand with them.
ArHd0ueg
Oh the left is great at mental gymnastics. Does anyone have that article on how it is ok to rip on Christians but not Muslims because Christianity is a white religion and Islam is a brown religion or some stupid shit like that.
Not sure if pic is a 16 y/o boy or a 64 y/o woman that does crack
If you are not aware, she's looking to be a sugar baby to some well off 40 year old guy.
If all you do is spread hate in this world then just do everyone a favor and fucking DIE
sincerely,
>t. kike
t. pedo

I feel amused, because they probably picked the worst possible moment to try it.
Islam men pass around little boys on a bus like they're a mid day snack. You're not fucking fooling anyone.
Well, if the fags don't like it, by all means let them publicly and loudly denounce anyone tangentially related to or devil's advocating for kiddy diddlers.
ALWAYS
Same as gay shit. Nobody supported it at first but over time...
Lol what a fucking niggerfaggot

They'll just ignore or pretend they didn't do that.
Do it at the next faggot parade. You'll be doing the world a favor. Also don't use any weapons. Just beat them up. Tired of hearing about "muh gunz" or "muh knives"
Maybe Islam isn't so bad...
not actually a good idea. knowing you guys you would try and oversell it, immediately showing your hand and everyone will tell it's fake instantly. Then, they will legitimately slip in the extra "p" onto the lgbtq acronym, with little resistance because everyone will think it's right wing propaganda and ignore
Hitler is to soft to harm anyone, hell he didn't kill the jews despite how many crimes he did to his country, adolf was to innocent for this world.
if you don't let your wife's son date your wife's boyfriend you're an intolerant nazi.
Choosing to use a toddler is a big part of what makes it blatant to me
Obvious psyop, but if it somehow manages to gain steam (against all odds), it will make for some interesting discourse.
shoo shoo kike
Nice try, JIDF.
The majority of the LGBT community hates it
Q predicted this
>Islam

It's obviously a false flag
Another IP address. Nice try, shlomo

Pedos will NEVER-ever-ever-ever-ever-ever be accepted in America. No matter how bad the politicians and Hollywood wants it.
If it's whites saying this, it's a false flag. If it's not whites, it's representative of everyone associated. This LGBT shit is some political organization now. It has nothing to fucking do with Gays, not anymore. Any actual non retard doesn't associate themselves with this shit. Why the fuck else do you not see a bunch of gays coming out of the wood works to say this shit is fucking stupid? It's because they know it's a lost fucking cause. There are literally dozens of videos of #walkaway type shit. Let me guess, though. It's bullshit because it's from people you don't agree with. If so, both types of you fuckers will get the rope.
James tweeted it out within the last two days.
This is so obviously a /pol/ falseflag it hurts, why hasn’t anyone edited the “hey rabbi” comic yet for this scenario?
All faggots. All bolshevists. All hollywood degenerates. Destroyed.
When your use is done, you'll be the one destroyed. Just because you're useful now, doesn't mean you'll be useful forever. Milo, Sargon, Metokur; all served a purpose, and are all now useless and rotting. Your day will come as well, mark my words.
It literally isn't retards. Pedo's are attracted to prepubescent kids. 15 is far beyond puberty morons.
That's literally what they do to each other already. A faggot's greatest desire is to be torn apart by an alpha's thick cock.
>endorse pedophile roy moore
Nice LARP, Christcuck, we will destroy Christianity and reveal a religion peculiar to our race. You will be lined up and shot.
Neck yourself
DAY OF THE FUCKING ROPE WHEN
how do we remove judges through legal channels? can they be voted out by people in their districts? or replaced by the president? are they literally fucking untouchable little kings ruling over their leftist fiefdom?
Federal judges are pretty much untouchable though.
Now it's going to go to the SC with a vacant seat and get voted 4-4 which means the judges action to restore it will stay
well then look on the bright side, trump is ramming the federal courts through with judges. so the leftsits can fuck themselves in 5 years
Im seriously tired of these fuckers.
See: NAACP v. Trump
Deep State through and through. Also FISA judge.
NOW. SO FUCKIN' DO IT.
these fucks need to die and there familys. not untill the pain hits there home will they stop. report me to the fbi, i dont give a fuck its true
same FBI if you're reading this FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU
Someone call Justice Giganigga. We got another one here.
freedom
Treason charges, when?
He's powerless, the court is divided 4-4 which will be the vote when this gets appealed because faggot democrats won't confirm kavanaugh.
land of the free
fuck off Mohammed
Can someone screen or rip the pages and post them pls? I can't because I am a faggot.
home of the brave
Goddamnit. Then we need to find the Jewess' phylactery first.
d_States_federal_judge
I’m sick of judges trying to cancel trumps orders, they all get btfo they’re just jamming up the administration. Wat do?
hello i am an american and i have more freedom than you, i have guns i will never use other than at a shooting range preparing for a race war that will never come and i have a constitution that means im more free than you fuck off mohammed whiter than you haha yes maga we did it freedom
its 25 pages, you want every page?
so do i have to go to hawaii to snipe this faggot
*plays guitar* 'murica fuck yeah unbeatable woo limey cunts wahoo i have freedom and democracy
yeah fly the confederate flag with pride my southern brothers woo slaves etc etc
he's basically the king of the fucking swamp
sure, I think there aren't any "extra" pages
the 2nd amendment is not just a legal channel, but the bedrock constitutional provision by which our wise founders gave us the tools to prevail over tyranny.
*fires gun into the air* america fuck yeah we got freedom and the state works for us oh wait no they dont but i've just seen your flag that means you haven't got a LOICENSE to comment hello limey wheres your freedom, magna carta? never heard of it lmfao
If republicans can get a true supermajority instead of a slim one then it doesn't matter how much the McCain's and Grahams try to fuck America over, the votes will be there to put a stop to this horseshit.
feel better?
i've seen your flag so that means you must be a jew or muslim or shareblue shill thats how i dismiss your arguments haha yes! got you! *fires gun into sky* freedom and guns and shit oh wait your british wheres your loicense to comment mayte oi mohammed im whiter than you
felon vicious Parroting Puppet ex District Attorney Nassau County with NO private law experience, DETESTED by all factions. In spite of this, SOLELY because of his many year secret gangsterization and crucifixion of ME, this negroidic low mafionic deadly BLACK Frank Gulotta was then IMMEDIATELY and UNPRECEDENTEDLY and REPEATEDLY rapidly PROMOTED - in spite of TREMENDOUS opposition - to the present position of second highest state judgeship SOLELY through Gangster Computer God manipulation! As additional evidence; during the last week of my within-mentioned month-long WORSE-than-a-farce Nazi court criminal trial in Nassau County Court 1958, where dwarfted felon gangster Parroting Puppet rectum lapper sodomist Judge William Sullivan’s ball-of-fat felon slut wife, she - AS PLANNED - sat in the front row, repeatedly stripping her over clothes and completely pulling up her dress and slip and pulling aside her old-fashioned pink BLOOMERS in order to display her ANUS, her CUNT! She repeatedly gesticulated and whispered: "I’ll give it to you to suck! FINISH HIM!!"
I DEMANDED an immediate flight back to Kennedy New York Airport. Instead I was held captive ALL NIGHT, later in CHAINS! I refused both; all food and requests I’d “go to sleep”. Then CIA policegangsters pretending to be Polish police with NO identification BEAT ME BLOODILY!
You hangman rope sneak Gangster playboy scum-on-top KNOW these facts are true; not only from taking part in such undetectable exter- minations, but also you chicanerous demented felon Parroting Puppet Gangsters can WATCH my Frankenstein Eyesight Televison PLAYBACK of all these horrible terrifying deadly events!
Francis E. Dec, Esquire





So, brainwashed-from-birth by the Computer God Threshold Brainwash Radio Parroting Puppet Gangster Slave; if you believe in ANYTHING, forget kneeling to abide by the High Holy Law long enough to say one word of pray for ME for YOUR ONLY HOPE FOR A FUTURE!!







Don't you have some empty crisps bags to throw out? Wouldn't want someone to end up in jail because of that...




>no you can't use that reason, because you didn't say it the first time and now it doesn't count











hello citizen did you like my witty comment, i got you there didn't i? haha i win lol oh btw i have more freedom than you even though a judge can overule the president but w.e i've got guns that im never going to use ok thanks mohammed goodbye walker crisps fuck off
haha i thought it was pretty fucking good
treasonous judges deserve nothing
Through MAGA!
haha yes maga we've got you now mr judge you're under arrest let me just go get my maga hat and my guns and american baseball bat to show how tough i am and protest with my fellow based friends! get in! cmon! lets go make america great again or something *fires gun into the air* lol cowboys and indians and stuff ok thanks for listening
You certainly have been entertaining.
thank you very much i'd take a bow but i can't becuase im sitting down anyway maga on friend wahoo freeeeeedom
Kavanaugh is 100% confirmed by then.
if they drop all this shit and democrats cry constitutional crisis and use it as a means to block kavanaugh were going to war, no if's and buts about it.
bit pointless though because the only thing that has really changed is the president who probably works for the same master as all of the presidents in office since Wilson and the current president cant do anything because he has some judge blocking his decisions and shit land of the free home of the brave though oi wheres your criticism loicense ya fookin twat whiter than you mohammed ok thanks fuck cheese and onion flavoured crisps they taste like ass
there is you, and your war, and that's how the country changes
Check your state election laws about voting for Judges. VOTE THEM OUT.
here let me just vote for you to leave your judge position im sure that will stop your meddling! 'murica baby
They don't care, they are too bust trying to overthrow the government and having affairs with co-workers. Hide your dog though when they stack up on your front door.
Europeans began arriving in Mexico during the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire; and while during the colonial period most European immigration was Spanish, in the 19th and 20th centuries European and European-derived populations from North and South America did immigrate to the country. According to 20th and 21st century academics, large scale intermixing between the European immigrants and the native Indigenous peoples would produce a Mestizo group which would become the overwhelming majority of Mexico's population by the time of Independence.[40] However according to church registers from the colonial times, the majority (73%) of Spanish men married with Spanish women. Said registers also put in question other narratives held by contemporary academics, such as European immigrants who arrived to Mexico being almost exclusively men or that "pure Spanish" people were all part of a small powerful elite, as Spaniards were often the most numerous ethnic group in the colonial cities[41] and there were menial workers and people in poverty who were of complete Spanish origin.[42]
we are not fucking wh*Te fuck off

Maybe if we get enough, we can form an official /pol/-core essentials list, any other similarly redpilled songs out there?
obligatory
UrbGGrgM
If you don't know what he's talking about, then google it.
https://youtu.be/pmvMS8X-Uf4
Dy0ECbvk
p5gfJfWY
liNDmcFw
tti4Zf2o
https://youtu.be/pnuckdJxyU8
https://youtu.be/pnuckdJxyU8
most of what you'll find is is just a /pol/iticized remix of someone else's OC. I am working on an OC metal album, but that will take awhile to finish
Man I miss hitler. It truly shows he lives within our hearts.
YXwjB62E
https://youtu.be/FcZAj1MPpeo
https://youtu.be/h4qh613jsA8
the Glorious album art magically didn't upload
Based metal poster. plz post more. you're right i've been unable to find stuff like this.
https://youtu.be/dy7HCDgaEwc
c5LfFNVc
Ok. is there any type of metal you absolutely dont like or are there any of these ones i've linked so far that you do like?
jKK8hoTM
rF_k_fMo
Didn't the lead singer of this band get caught diddling kids?
m/path-of-tyranny

3AePn2A0
K6fFBTXl/
Also, listen to Nyaogthaeblisz (probably spelled that wrong).
CSEXN8kQ
https://youtu.be/3aM5eO41bdA
I like MJ now
https://youtu.be/eC8jBHvy9G8
this is the realest thank you fellas for carrying the tradition
DA94HwJM
https://youtu.be/rurBHWxYaR0
America is run by the jews
a1PeydEs
THIS IS NOT NORMAL
>and that's a good thing
Yes it is. That's what it looks like when a nation is waking up to the jewish problem

he looks scurred. Thats the face someone makes when reality is completely contrary to what he is being told behind the scenes.
I Lol'd
I agree, as a representative of the organisations against the people, he shouldn't be there.
Who’s that
whos this?
Fat Joaquin Phoenix
Leonardio Dicapro.
I might feel bad if Acosta wasn't such a slimeball. But naw, fuck that cunt.
All you leftys defending the fake news outlets need to remember what Sam Hyde said...
this little faggot
Acosta hates America
And if some unhinged Trump supporter really does do something violent to the kikenmedia, they'll think it's Trump's fault, not their own for being enemies of the people.
He is an enemy both foreign and domestic
>Jim Acosta is not slowly rotting away in a Singaporean dungeon right now


The night ain't over yet
Why on earth would they ever do a thing like that!?
you are not in Manhattan any more faggot.
Drop the meme flag, pussy.
Go away europoor no one likes you and your inflated sense of self worth.
It's been coming to light since 2015.
>15 minutes into propaganda and chill and he gives you this look
>It's afraid.
tits or gtfo
I guess you could say he was accosted
Apparently nobody's interested in searching out your blog, your podcast, or your SCP contributions dude. Drop it.
Lugenpresse always come first.
ABLOO ABLOO POOR ACOSTA
No, they never will. Their racial narcissism prevents it.
It's the ghost of Udo Ulfkotte,
that face you make when you realize your being payed scraps to be the deep states lap dog
Sanders brought up the WHCD dinner where they spent hours tearing into her and that she wasn't going to say shit to that effect.
The sad thing is you can't even say that these types of actions are fringe among Trump supporters. You are all truly proud of being depraved and ignorant. You thrive on being the contrarians you are, you want to be attacked and criticized and the more you are the more right you feel your actions are, instead of stepping back and being introspective. I honestly pity you guys, your minds have become so warped by fringe political beliefs that you no longer have any perspective.


you obviously love cock
Fourth estate? More like Fifth column.
Acosta is trash. Go back.
>and here's why they're wrong
Get to the other side of the wall, Carlos.
It wouldn’t matter if they did and nobody would even care. We are literally living at a time when the old jewish tricks are no longer effective. If the so-call alt-right starts holding journalists accountable for their lies and does as San Hyde says will be their fate, they can’t spin that around against the so-called alt-right and they can’t blame it on Trump. They can try but nobody gives a shit any longer. The jews can’t make them care. Their dark and evil magic has finally worn off. It’s an interesting coincidence that the Magi were Medes and we call it the news Media. All a bunch of magicians and pathological lying sociopathic actors. They’ll get what they deserve
Compelling responses guys, as expected from the average intellect of a Trump supporter.
https://youtu.be/L9rXXjZk8Z8
Stay mad you lost the election
Acosta is a faggot, just like you.
This is the best insult you can come up with, sad little Trumpie, just sad.
ito-found-tony-hd-1rZEqV
Cry moar little bitch, see ya in 2020
Honestly, do you feel confident a "blue wave" is coming? I live in Philadelphia, where over 80% voted in favor in blue. With that being said, I have never seen more people, minorities in particular, who are openly supporting the right. What makes you confident people will vote blue come this November mid-terms? I am genuinely curious. More and more people are becoming vocal in how they reject voting blue, especially from former blue voters.


Fuck off Acosta. You're a worthless piece of shit.
Wasn’t the mainstream message for the last twenty years “normal is boring, be crazy and wacko”?
Got a video?

Haha look how scared that faggot is.
he can't keep getting away with it!!!
Just like with the Mueller probe. In the end there's not much that will come out of it outside of embarrassing Trump, that is if he would have shut the fuck up and not tweeted stupid shit every other day, or took actions to undermine the investigation. He could have just kept his thoughts to himself, but that's wishful thinking considering the man has narcissistic personality disorder. He loves to do nothing more than talk about himself and claim he's never done anything wrong, ever.
lurk moar new fags
>w-wait not like that
Honestly, this never gets old.
Trump is the direct result of incompetent, corrupt, dems, and you want to vote for more of them? Are you brain dead? You're only going to make the problem worse, Pueblo.
IT IS NOW MUTHAFUCKER
Lionel Ritchie
You seem like a real tool
no, he's an evil knowing liar
Ya... black people usually get violent, not just flip someone off.
time to ramp up those stress levels
You scurred of a finger? Good thing you didnt notice antifa, youd really be going nuts with these threads. Fuck off you piece of shit. Saged.

oh muh gawsh that would be terrrrrrible oyyyyyyyy veyyyyyyyyy
Yes, because your precious R's are so innocent, right? Your hypocrisy is astounding, and yes I will vote straight D even in my highly R state (Louisiana) because Donald is not fit to be president of this country and anything that will stop him from enacting destructive policies, such as his horrid tax plan, is a victory. It's hilarious how I still find it hilarious how Trump literally got you guys to support a tax plan that gives massive benefits to himself and other millionaire / billionaires. If anything, Trump has a talent for manipulation, a few edgy catch phrases for his cultists like (you) to chant and you completely forget about all the ways he's fucking you over on the downlow.
Great job doxxing yourself dumbass
It's the "new" normal now. I am tired of being lied to, as are a lot of people . I'm surprised he wasn't showered with a fusillade of brick bats.
>memeflaggot
Flashing back again to Nov 9th 16, give it up boy, she lost because she was NO GOOD !
How is this not normal, cuck? You never never flipped the bird to a faggot before?
Jesus you sound gayer than liberals here in Canada, and that's really saying something. Pocahontas is going to get ass-rammed by John Smith (Trump/white dudes), for posterity if nothing else. Get the fuck over it.
2020 bitch
I have no idea what either of those mean
ding ding ding
You wont pity me when Im gassing your family faggot.
you will be at the top of the list!
>the old normal is good
t. newfag
Reminder the "Mainstream media" is made up of giant mass propaganda corporations with both business and political agendas. These mass propaganda corporations have billions of dollars to spend on a 24/7 propaganda cycle which allows them to inject their agenda into what they label as "news". Personnel like Jim Acosta are employees paid by and provided direction by the corporate mass propaganda company known as CNN.
hard to think with a bullet in your head

Adult children.
Shes probably learning from Trump... its just makes them keep saying Press is the enemy of the people over and over
they are being a pussy, no one has even called them lugenpress
Just taking a page from the Democrat's book.
Also, I'm amazed in how you can type so much while saying so damn little.
Civil disobedience. Sending a message. It's a fantastic shot.
>will you say the words enemy of the people?
Check. Hi Mark.
>In 2016 during the presidential campaign Donald Trump (whose role involved being host of The Apprentice) was surfing with his family when a small mexican child was dragged under the waves and began to struggle to stay above surface. As Donald Trump Jr. rushed to help, Trump held out an arm infront of him, stopping him and was reported saying by Ivanka (who is her daughter) "The waves have claimed her, let her fight for her own life". His family, dumbfounded, proceeded to watch her struggle until her body disappeared beneath the waves, lifeless. He was later spotted outside the child's house, making drowning gestures and thanking the family for their child's sacrifice to the great ocean.
checked
U P V O T E D
This is what cnn is reduced to. Whining about a girl holding a plushie
TFW Jim Acosta hasn't been tied up and had his dick pumped full of JB weld and then made to drink a gallon of coffee.

Based and red pilled
listen sweety, the post
>Also, based roastie.
I was at the Tampa rally and lolled the whole time. LOUDEST crowd I've never heard - and I've been to Iron Maiden, Judas Priest, Metallica, Megadeth concerts. Louder than metal bands.
Acosta is CNN good goy they throw under the bus.
hi jessica
i agree. having well over 90% of national media coverage concerning the president having an extremely negative bias, refusing to cover the facts of the president's various accomplishments and blatantly lying as well as purposefully misrepresenting his positions and statements is not normal at all. it's disgusting and evil.
After the way they blacked out Ron Paul in 2012, fuk them and FOX too.
hahahahahaaaa
someone said this in another thread, but he's looking scared and shaken because he was hoping that any second a plastic cup or empty beer can would be thrown at his head so he could capture it all on camera and go around to all talk shows for a week talking about how brave he is for standing up to those evil unAmerican Trump supporters, BUT all he got were people calling him a hack and laughing at him to his fucking face while he stood there in his suit and took it all like a cuck.
Elmer Fudd
Accost you.
"Fourth estate? More like fifth column." is pretty good.
I love this picture......
Leave this place.
>Burdee Gud
> get called a shill on /pol/
You are truly pathetic.
It took both parties to get us here today.
They hate Trump too, or have you not noticed that? You smug asshole. Yeah, Trump isn't a polished, scripted politician. That's why people like him. As far as CNN goes, I have hated those lying fuckers since the Clinton administration. I have had a deep distrust of the MSM since the Reagan years. I was just a kid back then, but it didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out the MSM has a Leftists stance. They hate me and mine and I have hated them right back. What you are seeing is decades of that hatred on display, out in the open for the first time. Get used to it.
I like this guy.


Q predicted this
https://youtu.be/8-wrV__VTf8
Fuck off back to plebbit you useless cuck.
Dubya Bush could barely even speak and Obama only spoke to shill and misdirect. We have come a long way.
C'mon, leave r/the_donald alone man, he's functionally retarded.
I was done with both parties. Trump took over the Republicans not the other way around. He's probably the reason many bothered to vote -for or against. He could still turn out to be part of some *very* elaborate ruse. But it would have to be fucking BIG to be worth the damage he's going to the pozzed liberal world order. The attention alone that he's bringing to the processes of government will have revolutionary impact.
Mind to have an argument leaf?
8/316150501/68040/16/
cringey racist twitter bitch. Shell get a job at Marvel here soon shell be fine.
LING LING NO
orial-board-of-the-new-york-times
How is she far left? All I see her doing is advocating for genocide and killing police officers, both of which are bipartisan extremist positions.
Let the fool stay, she’s doing way more damage to her cause than we ever could
I want her to stay there with all the other anti-whites
she called herself leftist elite, come on keep up
Ha... you don't get it do you?... they already have the niggers hating the whites in the bag..... they have 50% spic hating whites in the bag..... now they are starting with chinkadoos... when the chinkadoos hit 50%... they will incite poos... Muslims hate everyone by nature.... kikes are pulling the string.... their hatred has been undeniable for the last 1000 years..... wakey wakey mother fuckers!...
even alt right incels love Sarah Jeong's feetsies

No, I have better things to do than waste my time "keeping up" with literal nobodies.
imagine the vinegar musk that must waft up from her boots after a long day of BTFO incel whites
We all know why they hired her

clash of clans will still be there tomorrow
which means one can hold those views and be far left or far right. what
I wish these were real anon, I really do.
That's not what the sdmell's from
it doesn't matter what she says, the jews won't fire her. they've backed themselves into a corner, lmao

2: stop demanding she be fired. the NYT needs to be seen for what it is
lol what a supercunt
3. Lay down on your back and take it up the ass like you have for thirty years, without one word of complaint.
its easier to let them scuttle their own ship. stop trying to instigate violence, alphabet soup
AT SOME POINT IT GOING TO BE PERFECTLY CLEAR THAT A VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT IS A VOTE FOR VIOLENCE AND TOTALARISM AGAINST WHITE PEOPLE
They cant fire her now, anyway, Theyve painted themselves into a beautiful corner.
wtf I love Sarah Jeong now
Q predicted this
God she's fucking uglier than before
I think she just needs some dick. Nobody spergs our like this so profoundly unless they have some serious repressed sexual tension. Bitch is practically begging to get impaled by 12 big white dongs.
hopefully this is damaging NYT's credibility and reputation.
She'll be running that place soon. They think she is the victim of racist attacks instead of the other way around.
TrAde WaRs R GuD n Ez 2 WiN
Even tariffs on China would help China in the long run by forcing them to pay workers higher wages.
Our softwood lumber industry also enjoyed nice profits after the Trump lumber tariffs. The higher prices are unfortunately absorbed by the American consumer.
>we enjoyed deforesting British Columbia until that nasty Trump put tariffs on our lumber industry
He's been a boon to our economy.
Construction in America is an exploding market right now and lumber is still in strong demand even with the prices from the trade war. But alternatives will spring up, and that will be the nail in the coffin for Canada's economy. Canada will become an entirely different country if this goes past Halloween. Invest in lumber for now but be ready to pull out hard if this becomes a long term trade war.
I wouldn't go that far.
And....our GDP growth is blowing them out of the water anyway.
Then why the fuck do you leafs complain so much.
How do we make our streets safer?
Or more guns?
That happened here in Chile lel
That was an absolutely savage beating
GIVE HIM ONE MORE
I love watching kids get slapped around
That is mesmerizing. I feel a deep satisfaction whenever I watch this beatdown.

13 is bad luck.... so he had to make it 14... and you can tell he's a huge WWE fan.... he made it look like the goat fucker bounced off the ropes... the finish!... good thing he was not a mortal kombat fan... come to think of it.... why wasn't he a mortal kombat fan?... Damn!!
butifel
http://archive.is/rnkd2
Another thing to note is the use of human trafficking for organ harvesting and slave labor (think Qatar for instance).
>and this really does not stop happening
>http://archive.is/PRfX7
Here is our update bust map of Vancouver.
Here is the dot map of Vancouver.
This is the satellite dot map of Little Rock and Bill and Hilary Clinton International Airport.
And here is the in progress busts map for that area.
Here is the dot map of the area near the NY/PA "X"
Bust map of the area near the NY/PA "X"
nterrey
Dot map of Monroe, LA - the southern "X" on the air route between Monterrey and Quebec
Bust map of Monroe
Dot map of Lexington, the middle "X" on the air route between Monterrey and Quebec
>Monterrey has long been known more as a safe haven for large-scale drug traffickers – a place where they could send their families to be safe from the mayhem in Juarez or Tijuana or Culiacan. Amado Carrillo, the legendary “Lord of the Skies,” reportedly moved his wife and kids to San Pedro Garza Garcia, on the city’s outskirts, in the 1990s. Others did as well.
Bust map of Lexington
Where Laredo?
No. But if that place he mentions is actually involved with trafficking, you will see indications once the area is mapped.
I'm not familiar with this poster.
ad/179571190/#q179577072
Funny how every time there is a happening where /pol/ actually can get things done a bunch of "insiders" show up and try to control what everyone is focusing on.

To get these recruits, they tapped into their networks of current and former security personnel, many of whom were unemployed or underemployed. The Mexican military also expels or releases thousands of soldiers per year – nearly 85,000 between December 2006, when former President [Felipe] Calderon took office, through May 2012. The police have also expelled thousands since 2006. And the Zetas have long used advertisements that appeal to a sense of camaraderie and core military values."
or when ever there is a potential leaker/insider there are concerned posters who want us to be suspicious of them.
%219O2tecpDHQ6/
Heya A5. Finishing up on the busts map we have now though they seem close to finished. I'm excited to see the locations where X's form this time. Detroit I can do quickly because I already have the bookmarks in Google Earth.

So there are three X's in OK?
Should we also look at the center of the triangle formed that centers over Wyoming and Nebraska, or was that exercise mainly for looking at the center of AR?
That makes sense if you looked into the Woodward airfield, the National Guard uses it as a back up for their airfield in OKC.
Is that where the one X up in the corner of OK is?
I think that one X in Colorado is in fact Denver International Airport.
I think this is where the one X is in Idaho.
I mentioned this trifecta of locations back when Vegas was going on and even referenced this in the Vegas KB I did.
I've always loved extra credit.

Don't forget the extra credit assignment too.
Might want to do that on a separate map though, I don't know.
Let me add it
Actually I think it's best to do that on a separate map
I think this is the X in Tennessee.
Don't "think", look.
What kind of bugs are we catching in this spider web?
That depends on how the web was set up and where they were moving or flying to.
I need to make my own Google Earth map of all of the points so that I can pin point locations better.
https://www.airnav.com/airport/24K

Are these X locations places where they occasionally store stuff as back up or places where they might set up DC's in the future?
That goes back to where they are located. In some places it's just where they might(or are) going through/above/below in some way.
Are you implying that nationwide tunnel networks exist?
The Cartels having expansive Viet-Cong style tunnel networks under the US border is not the first time that groups have been building or using tunnel networks around the US. It's been going on for a long time and by many different groups during the US's history.
Something like that. Are DUMB's ever a part of these networks or are they separate?
DUMB's are usually separate for obvious reasons.
I'd think they could meet. There are places in NYC where underground trains went to the basement of buildings, so they could probably meet DUMBs too if the infrastructure was built
Weren't there near 50 missing kids in OK recently?
Well do they ever interact with them is what I should have said perhaps.
As in like receive product from them.
>San Antonio
There's a fairly high correlation of H1B-heavy cities and cities known for trafficking.
Sometimes they aren't even aware of each other until digging/movement is heard or if someone busts open a tunnel/facility trying to make a tunnel/facility.
How much competition is there over open deserts and other wide open rural areas for DUMB's and/or bunkers? Do globalists and other types of elites have bidding wars and stuff over them or has most of the open territory already been used up?
I want to show you something.
I'm guessing there are also some under the US-Canada border?
Are you referring to this?
3) Yes.

Actually you can use this map to figure out where things are or where to build(or not to build) things.
Rate my Triangle pham.
I'm starting to get the impression that the "Aurora" aircraft might have been named after the city not too far from the Denver International Airport.
Well that explains why so many tech power structures locate to northern California/Southern Oregon.
This is kind of an interesting formation that I noticed here. Wonder if it was made under "special" circumstances.
Not going to say exactly where I am, but you can get some ideas where I'm not.
If I had to guess I would say something is built around the canyons and mountains there. Maybe there are old tunnels from times past that could have been reused? If it's anything like the Grand Canyon that is.
By middle of the Triangle I assume you mean around here (the area outlined in blue)?
I have been taking a few wild guesses lately.
I mean everything in the triangle.
Are some of the DUMBs and tunnels directly owned by other governments, like the Chinese or Mexicans? or is that even known if there are a lot of them all avoiding each other?
Would something underground there siphon water from the rivers there to supply fresh drinking water to its inhabitants?
Possibly if they were nearby.
There must be a lot of ancient creature remains deep underground there I would assume. Would anything built underground there build around them or excavate them?
Goes back to location.
MK Ultra level shit is just one of the many different atrocities that go on here doesn't it?.
Or would that not be practical?
That looks like a massive fossilized eye now doesn't it?.
This is funnily enough what I was thinking lol. It just stands out too much.
Hidden in plane sight.
I see an optic nerve, oculomotor muscles, maybe fovea, and optic chiasm... fucking shit lol Anon5 you always mindfuck me
rlines.htm
I think I can see the outline of a head here. Looks like some short kind of snout.
Actually, I almost wonder if that's the indent of a wide horn there around the snout. Kind of hard to tell. It could just be indentations in the ground that formed around the area over time.
I would imagine that if a globalist or other type of elite were respectful to the earth's history that they would build around something like this yes? Seems too valuable/cool to just bulldoze or excavate.
Looked north for the body but had a hard time making anything out.
Also if you just found this, imagine what else you might find in the triangle area.
Are there ever things that you are wrong about A5? lol
>this thread
As for the creatures that are fossilized in the areas in question I think due to the elevations and depression in the ground it is likely that some parts are underground.
I'd think some would so they could supply their own stuff. Probably depends on the group though
You can get a sense of scale for this thing and make out more of the skeletal structure some with a close up.
All goes back to the design and where it is. Since you can grow things underground.

and what kind of connections to be able to step in to one?. Finance? Medicine? Governmental?. this question also applies to underground countries/cities/communities.
You can see some type of bone here. Wonder which one it would be. Need to look up some anatomy.
2) Military, government, engineering, architecture, large scale construction, etc
UKcxpTQg

>get killed by an emu
Why not just behave yourself before you get shot?
Surely this individual was sober and capable of thinking rationally. America doesn't have a drug problem.
They only shot him because he is black.
At least he survived, dumb ass can go spend some time inside and get clean.
Not going to happen. The heroin/opiate crisis here is mindblowing. He'll shoot up as soon as he gets out.
lmfao OP, that was great.
>get treated like one
Low IQ. Same problem that Blacks suffer from. The lower your IQ the harder it is to speculate about consequences. Low IQ individuals can't think even 10 minutes into the future. They just act on animal instinct with no higher brain function during stressful situation.
RIP dog, he was a good boy.
>no one cares
Rule #1: Never reach into a car on a traffic stop.
It's almost as if authority is legitimized by the assured use of force.
Z3w3l_1A
These cops are Terrible.
Q predicted this
for garbage*
Yes yes I've seen this before a million times. I hate cops I hate niggers. All I want is to live in a small community with people like me in 1k B.C. Why was I born in these degenerative times?

Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Must suck being a metrofag the law is loose around here.
Basically this.
9U6Srj7g
read the fine print on the ticket sales mr nupty reporter.
That dude might be, at best, a high functioning retard
>we won because we stopped New Zealanders being able to hear people we don't like


Where do I donate?
Pathetic media prostitutes, convinced of their intelligence and righteous when it's clear they are in the region of 85 IQ
Oh boy, another Lauren Kikeberg thread...
Wish the mods actually applied specific rules to permaban shill threads such as these instead of allowing the circlejerk shillery to carry on.
Honest or bad at toeing the party line?
I think he's just retarded
FUCKING BASED
was it an accident?
D-did they... do you think they did it?
or is it intentional?
well if im not as smart as them the only thing left to do is make sure no one can listen.
He defended himself by calling their arguments "nitpickery" and implied they were well-rehearsed sophists.
Of course.
That dumb cunt wouldn't know what a sophist was. But aside from that, if that's true then he should have known his way around the conversation ahead of time if they're so well rehearsed and predictable.
How can he claim that their arguments amount to nitpicking while also saying that he was intellectually outmatched? I mean, you're basically saying that you're unable to argue against something so simple as nitpicking?
t7OCESUw
The left shooting themselves in the foot again
literally could not compete
That's how you can have both "nit pickery" and "I couldn't keep up" be true.
It's crazy how they don't even care about the validity of the arguments. That doesn't even factor into their thinking. All they care about is whether Southern's/Molyneux's views are "right on" and PC.
I wonder what her feet smell like
Not that he was very high to begin with but that lowers paddy in my estimation.
LET ME FINISH
It doesn't make it a good thing when even their speech is being shut down.

MIKE CUT HIM OFF!
CONTRACT STATES THAT IF VENUE CANCELS FOR SJW VIRTUE SIGNALING, THEN THE VENUE IS WHOLLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE REFUNDS
So cringe that boomers and normies think simonsen and molymeme are far right.

the tards just say they could talk for free in a park or some shit
*sniff*
I heard on the radio a few days ago while driving about Lauren and Stefan being here and the faggot talkshow host called them "literal Nazis", how much of a fucking devious kike do you need to be to know their platform but still label them as ebil big bad Nazis.
Fucking jewtube, there are 3 comments on the video and you can't see any of them, not even mine (I'm the uploader).
it must be really nice to be good looking enough that you can just say and confirm whatever bullshit incels online want to hear, and that being enough to make a living
And this.
you can make these stupid points on how it was in bad faith, but they got what they wanted, and you didn't. Everything else is just pathetic, whiny, loser shit nobody wants to bother listening to.
Why the fuck does NZ have its own version of The Project? It’s bad enough it’s allowed to exist in Straya
I swear they believe that news outlets just won't lie to them.
True. But it's even better: you can be an ugly, unlikeable cunt with a pea brain and shitstains for opinions and yet fly for a leftist intellectual and get the same beta bux from actual leftard incels who will worship you like you were the reincarnation of Cindy Crawford
Snarky shitlibery has to exist everywhere.
Wendyl Nissen said they were holocasut deniers on Newstalk ZB, despite the fact Stefan literally is Jewish.
Lauren is a ewhore but there is still plenty of ugly as fuck dudes doing the same thing and making a living. She's just normie entry tier.
Wtf, Kiwis?
Because you're an intellectually dishonest (((journalist))) faggot. Fuck i hate this cunt.
Pretty sure that's higher than America. Probably lower if you only examine the whites though.
She's getting more and more of a butter face as she ages. Yeech.
reminder that lauren is an actual threat to liberals, thats why shills attack her and call her a kike.
Channel 3 has been replacing proper journalism with Buzzfeed tier shit ever since they canned Campbell Live - first in favour of a Paul Henry show that flopped and now this.
Shes a womans magazine editor and gossip monger. Bet she was treated like a scholarly adviser though.
Fucking kike media.
No she isn't.
These people are not only incompetent they're actually anti-intellectual and they take fucking pride in it. Jesus Christ.
Welcome to New Zealand.
He also said no one had had their health scrutinized so much, which at the time was false (pic related).
He isn't prepared, like mostly all leftists, because they typically run away from debates. It's ironic, the left constantly shutting down debate is precisely why they have no debating skills.
Despite kiwibroes' monoamine oxidase A (MOA-A / "warrior enzyme) commonality with niggers, they're clearly much smarter than their apish cousins...

Gower seems like a massive muppet

Shit Campbell was canned? Gay.
Fucking this, all media are traitors
ealand.html

And even then they get (((shut down))) by the Police when (((antifa))) threaten to disrupt the civic order
The absolute STATE of NZ media that this is considered worthy of being on a current affairs show
He definitely is. All MSM in NZ is left leaning snarky shit, it's because people, especially the older cunts, have an obsession with England and think English leftist snark counts as a proper discussion.
pretty sure you're fucking retarded
How much do the kikes pay you to shill lies on the internet? How do cockroaches like you sleep at night knowing how evil you are?
Soft genocide of whites is the only acceptable long term outcome for the establishment media
Kanoa is the dumbest person on television at the moment. She started out as children's TV host, which is probably why they picked her for The Project.
how much alcohol does lauren given you to shill for her
Low ratings. He's a shitlib too, he works at Red Radio (RNZ) now.
New Zealand: European 71.2%
norities/
He's the only NZ reporter I remember and the last time I heard of him I wasn't political so I didn't care about any of that stuff.
I would be fearful to see the 2018 report.

It’s probably the same and the most likely people to vote red are men 38 - 58 with a job. 65% of White suburbanites voted red, same in 2012, but rural white people while still moderate on most issues gave trump 82% of their vote
Our left wing is going to get fucked up next elections i don't see them surviving beyond a single term. They are getting fucking crucified anytime comments are allowed on their articles they just keep scoring own goals.
I always imagined this struggle to be a david vs goliath type thing. The establishment being that God-like figure that can't be defeated. And it's true that they have all the money in the world, the media and time on their side no one can deny it. However it's very impressive to see that despite all over this, the mere fact that 2 very inoffensive speakers; a 23 female and a 50yo man manage to almost make a country and his ideology implode on itself just by being there. It makes me think that behind all their might hide a very weak, scared child that can't really take that much heat. They're not as strong and they seem to be, they're just big and scary.
Hehe, I actually made that
cringe
Thats a man
I hope so, but she is still too damn popular amongst normies. Having a fucking child at the same time the conversation was going on for having a fuel tax has undeniably saved this government some early grilling. I just wish normies would all be smart enough to see through Jewcinda's shit.
God I hate the media. Why the fuck should this question even have to be asked by a journalist?
Holy shit the last video is fucking gold. Absolutely BTFO kek
shoo shoo kikes
they control the political systems, that's all that matters. If the actions of people like molyneux/southern don't translate into political change it doesn't mean very much.
She's fucking done man her child wont save her, the right have so much ammunition to fire at her government they are going to tank harder than our economic growth.
if you watch more of it, its clearly not a compliment though
The name suits them. They stink. Their methods have always been questionable. I'll take Rasmussen any day.
kgrnhs1rowlwu2ittn2pbrk0h00410
I literally just showed you a more reliable poll from 2017.
That's assuming they actually fire that ammunition. Normie right-leaning parties aren't exactly known for wanting to win.
its news dun differunt bro
Not about millenials
Labour have managed to fuck things up so badly that business confidence is back at the great recession levels which got National elected. Their attacks on free speech and the banal shit they spew in the media are going to really fuck people off.
Labour's a shoo-in if Bridges remains leader

Got made redundant the other day.
OONm-nW8
What Mike are you referring to?
Left: Wow, You have presented quality data, and talking points in a digestable way I can understand, your debate technique must have been superior because but you are still wrong and all of your beleifs are built on a foundation of well worded bullshit so I can’t refute you, but my feelings allow me to know you are wrong.
stop shitposting you whore. Go back to Canada
They are doing such a shit job they may even get Bridges elected, Nats have been leading in every poll since April and it hasn't even been two years. These left wing dorks still haven't built a single fucking home and are already raising taxes.
Sorry to hear that mate alot of people are going to lose their jobs. Safe to say that NZF fucked up going with Labour.
Those sort of forced metrics are precisely why Pew methodology is so flawed. Again, Rasmussen is a much more reliable poll. See their election 2016 polling.
Any dick pics of our girl Lauren around?
Carbon tax and/or $20 min wage will be last nail in the coffin if they go ahead with it.
Wow what a retarded and evil interviewer. Just want to crush his skull.
The right just screams shill and glowing nigger over and over.
Atleast he's the bigger man for admitting he lost.
Powerful
Good thing I drive a motorbike.
Yeah this government seems dead keen to make enemies of everyone who disagrees with them. Sure way to get BTFO in a Democracy.
t. glowing cia nigger shill

>,” said the glowing, paid, shill.
din du dun different
Last time I heard RNZ it was an hour long segment on "period poverty"
The absolute state of this countries lefties
be gone cia glow in the dark shill.
All I know I'd hate fuck her, cum in her eyes then tell her to never be on tv again
What an utter cunt.
The best thing they could done is ignored them completely. They Streisand effect fucked themselves and did it whilst holding hands and crying. What a mess lel
>They Streisand effect fucked themselves and did it whilst holding hands and crying. What a mess lel
fuck off glownigger shill
Say what you will about Lauren souther or Steven crowder or stephan Moleneax or Dave rubin or Ben Shapiro. At the very least you must recognize that their long for style of discussion is the only way we can sort out our differences. Media interrupted aND paid for by products is archaic. The only qay that hatch out a workable compromise is through long form discussion
Sad thing is, in this liberal shithole, he's probably right.
good thing theyre whores for ratings
I think I need an apology from all the kiwis here for letting that dumbass in their country.
Before that I honestly thought paddy was pretty reasonable, but that whole interview was a mess

He probably didn't care what she said because he knew his editors would cut it for the evening news.
>I just could not compete
Wait a minute, you guys don't think pollsters would manipulate their polling methods in order to build an artificial consensus do you? That would be unethical, I can't image they would do that.
Why is New Zealand such a liberal shithole these days? I always thought you lads were a based stronghold of British colonialism
North island is lost 2bh, Auckland is shit
Going through a rough patch honestly.
North of Auckland is fine all the way up past Whangarei. Once you cross the Harbour bridge it goes to shit There is like 2 kilomteres of Land that connects us to the rest of the North Island, a determined man with Dynamite and an earth mover could solve alot of our problems up here.
are these two mixed or what?
Fucking roastie
Most of the country is concentrated in urban centres with urbanite poz you'd find in places like NY, the rest of the country are rural/suburban and simply don't give a shit.
Muh toxic masculinity and backwards thinking
I SAID
Paddy is just a mutant.
Right's almost certainly Islander of some kind, probably the same for left but it's not as obvious.
do the island injuns get special rights/quotas?
Who do you think you are? Do you know how long I've operated this podcast? You are NOTHING compared to me, you hear me? NOTHING. Your pitiful one dollar donation has no impact.
that's a spooky statement
One dollar. I speak yet you do not hear. One dollar. I asked for a proper donation yet my request fell on death ears. One dollar.
Sadly. They're not even native, they arrived in NZ 300-400 years before the colonisers.
_electorates
But we already know this. Free speech has been dead for a long time anon
biggest shame to grace this country ever. if it wasn't obvious before our country is completely controlled by jews
They even killed off and ate the original indigenous people of this land, yet society still thinks that the Maori are the true natives of New Zealand. It's fucking ridiculous.
I hate this country and the kikes who run it. We're the Canada of the south pacific
Wow, they're like the people you really hated in high school.
sTM-hhUQ&t=52
Only North Islanders believe this.
Yeah nah.
when the project (the tv show being shown) was first created it was targeted as a sort of anti authoritarian, edgy, comedy news show aimed at people who considered themselves alternative thinkers, now the show is filled with onions b0ys and a literal stereo type of a butch lesbian and the Australian version has a radical muslim. Its sort of like a tv version of the young turks.
Has there ever been a poll in a western nation in the last 20 years that has said the people of that nation DIDNT want decreased immigration? A poll that asks this question doesn't even bring up race so it couldn't be construed as racist
Who even watches this garbage show?
>Since 1967 candidates in Māori electorates have not needed to be Māori themselves, but to register as a voter in the Māori electorates people need to declare they are of Māori descent.
Yeah nice try you shitskin.
Also permanent residents (i.e. non-citizens) have been able to vote in NZ since 1975.
What an asshole.
I don't know, man. Wondering this myself. Not even my reality tv-watching boomer parents do.
this is a joke r-right?
It is either these cunts on /pol/ or paid advertisements for Ben SheepHero the (((#NeverTrumper)))
You literally looked for the surname + jewish on jewgle, and when you saw that it wasn't a jewish name you put it in the screencap anyways.
Tommy literally is Jewish, but you are fucking retarded.
YIKIES
That's the British Queen but yeah it sums up the cuntry.
ndia_(personification)
Her dress also looks like a veiny dick
His middle name's Christopher, what kike would name their kid after Christ?
pretty accurate
all you cunts are fucking retarded. i might agree with molyneux and southern politically but i still side paddy, why? cos he's a new zealander, anyone who's not a new Zealander can go die in a garbage fire
*snap*

/status/1025242555619860480
Learn something new every day
Thoughts on my plan for New New Zealand?
Not enough nukes.
I'd delete the whole North Island if I were you, mate.
not bait shithead. just patriotic about my country
It's shit.
Anti-racist is a code for anti-White
then kill yourself you prick, nz might seem like a shit place to you, but it is better than any other place
Anti-Racist is a code for Anti-White
Countries fucked lads and not a single worthy person to vote for. Oh well at least when the Chinese take over they will dispense with all the Maori shit.
"If you nail your enemies, they win"
i'm sorry you got rid of auckland but kept new plymouth? they only good thing about going to new plymouth is leaving it.
QUICK SHUT IT FUCKING DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWW
You'd have to be really fucking stupid to get owned by those two charlatans
Took the words right outta my mouf.
How are they charlatans?
Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Tasmania, South Australia, Quebec and Atlantic Canada are also god-tier.

The shit that happened to Lauren in Lakemba was fucked up. If Australia wasn't so cucked, there would need to be an independent probe into police corruption and Islamic coercion within the local area.
Truer words have never been spoken.
Your arguments aren't even interesting. Just the same sophistry that usually ends in you arguing semantics because you have nothing else left.
Fun fact, despite losing a tiny percent of our economy, the South Island would be completely self sufficient
Lakemba? Is that somewhere in Africa?
North Island is beautiful though, just delete the people.
If this is true, hopefully Lauren and Stefan go this route and legally force the venue provider to pay the refunds, thus upholding the contract.

Looks like nothing changed....
Nah, more Middle-East lel. It's a suburb in Western Sydney full of Muslims. Lauren went there to show how it is basically occupied territory that solely practises Islamic culture. Within 30 mins of getting there, the police showed up and essentially threatened her with jail if she went anywhere near the Mosque.
Yes. North Africa specifically
Pure COPE
Been to NZ. The media there is one of the worst circlejerks imaginable, and most Kiwis lap it up, since they're so isolated from the rest of the world. And some of those "statistics" they publish on quality of life etc are hilariously manipulated, how could Auckland possibly be simultaneously more expensive than Melbourne for cost of living, have fewer jobs and much lower salaries (yes, taking exchange rates into accountas I know kiwis think that magically explains everything), yet Auckland consistently rates higher for affordability and quality of life? Or being low-crime - yet most small towns are just Maoris stabbing each other around a Meth lab run by the Mongrel Mob? If the NZ herald says it though, kiwis take it as gospel. Get it together kiwis.
I improved it, I'm keeping Wellington but please note the care I took to destroy lower hutt

Queenslander here, please stop sending Maoris and Islanders. Fuck off you brown shit cunts.
fuck off aussie cunt. your media is way worse and i'll take the maori over your abos, snakes, crocodiles, spiders, sharks and your generally shit attitude as a people
>yes, goy, hate on your brethren
That's not even a fucking name you dumb nigger, it's the shape a warm cum-load makes when it hits his puffy goblin face; his name is Patrick, like the retarded starfish. If he doesn't like it, he should change it.
100% unadulterated truth
God I fucking love the free market!
There's one in every fucking thread.....
Wew the projection, not like he has a list of questions or anything
There's a reason leftist ideas can only thrive in a tightly controlled space.
Whoa, that's the opposite of the truth!
Interviewer is dumber than a sack of rocks.
Only after coercion did the venue chicken out.
My thought as well. It's just so amazing the level of people that are filtered into slots like this nowadays. Only the dumbest of the dumb make the grade.
he might have a goblin face, but it's our goblin face to make fun of as we please. not yours faggot.
Yes, cannot BELIEVE he actually said "the market has spoken" Not only are these people completely retarded, they assume their audience is too. Incredible shit show.
If you don't like capitalism you can fuck right off!
You have to be 18 to post
What a fucking disgrace this prime minister is.
It's not the free market, it's the deep state!
May I interest you in a pamphlet on how capitalism works?

NO REFUNDS!
Now thats epic
Consumer laws will fuck your ass.
Excuse me, I have an (R) next to my name, that means laws do not apply to me.
>women aren't allowed to have milquetoast humor
It's cock does not care which one of your holes it fucks good sir.
Their side of the story.

Go back to Ieddit!

Look who is covering for their fellow JEWS!!
this thread = my sides gone
Mate nearly a quarter of New Zealanders don't live in New Zealand because survey says... it's the biggest shithole of the Anglosphere with nothing going for it. The sooner you're over run with chinks the better.
Sorry, I am not interested in your fetishes.
Free market capitalism leads to a coerced market.
Perfect
Stop me; stop my free speech, dumbfuck.
"Nitpickery" is supposed to be a bad thing?
All you need now is a frenchman with a H bomb and tell him its Moruroa Atoll.
Get your e-celeb kikes oit of here. Molymmeme and Simonsen are retards who actually think they're intellectual
Unironically you should kill yourself immediately.
OY MAIT STAHP RIGHT THERE YA WANKER SHOW ME YEHR PODCAST LAICENSE BEFORE I CALL THE SHARIA PATROL ON YA
>finknights awake to defend her waifu
Haha got em

As expected of a worthless shitskin.
Christ.
keep going jussi
Can't wait for "Kek!" the movie to come out! Seriously thought enjoy it now boyz cause this whole 4chan pepe thing is going to get commercialized to holy heaven in about 5-10years. You heard it here first.
You can tell Paddy faps way way too much.
That is the truth. None of these people can do or say anything orginal, oh yeah, if you don't reply to this post your mother will die in her sleep tonight.
status/1025443985005764608
Don't Abbos suck on insects to cure what ails them? Why would an Abbo go to hospital?
to get treatment off whitey's dime.
s.html

I thought australians were "manly"?
cringe
summerfag pls go
yeah, but maybe not the nurses tho
Just let the Abbos treat themselves. Everyone is equal, right?
djkaktus is a writer for the SCP-Wiki, basically a hijacking of chan culture.
Do kikes run the hospitals in stralia?

This is just the start, next whites go to the back of the bus...
That's an image from like 20 years ago. We are completely cucked now
fuck this gay earth
Fake news but whatever gets youre low iq brains fired up I guess
I know I'm not alone
Abos should only be treated by Abo nurses

Not long until happenings lads!
Then the only solution is to kill all Abos so nurses don't have to treat them.
Take a step forward and join New Awakening.
seriopusly I can't tell if this is satire
Checked for the happenings.
Haha, brilliant. Here's your petrol soaked rag. Go to dreamtime and see what your ancestors say about that diabetes.
Oh god it's real
I've got the perfect merchant for this
patience my brother
nope, slow decay is far more effective
This makes sense desu. An entire generation of our people were stolen by the white man some years ago.
Why does that news woman look like a man?
are you trying to make me hate abos even more?
You must be 18+ to post on this board
And don't you ever ask exactly why it happened.
gettign a little irked here
hahahahaha no
WTF is happening in Oz?
kikes run everything in australia
man, this country grims me out. full of libtards while being invaded by china. my friends are all blind to this and live off pozzed netflix.
'our' people are Australian people. stop causing the divisions you complain about.
Why would you cringe a "bump" post? Your lazy and your supervisor should fire you. You don't get how this works do you? Honestly thats some of the laziest shilling I've ever seen. Are you pretending to be a shill?
If you're having jewish subversion problems, I feel bad for you, son. I got 6 million jews, and I still have my guns.
How long ago was this
I honestly hope the Jews wipe out the white race so you black cunts can get colonised by the Chinese and learn what real oppression feels like.
>country founded by cutthroat prisoners
That's a very stealthy merchant
Not all were cutthroats, one of my ancestors got sent here after she and some friends had another friend pretend to be a prostitute whilst she and friends waited in the next room, then attacked and robbed him whilst he was doing the deed. No throats were cut at all.
Oh, and kids with learning disabilities. We shipped a load of special needs kids over there as well, just for a laugh
>The most common belief among the Aussies is that Australian national identity, culture and ethnicity don't exist.
it was mainly petty theft, all the murderers and whatnot were hanged back in britain
15 years I think
...right? this has to be fake
While the other guys "pretended to be robbers" amirite?
Australia is one of the most effete pussy nations in the world. The fact that the Australians on 4chan try to make such a big show of themselves just shows how much overcompensation there is.
this is why Trump won
I would say 2004 over 10 years ago before smartphones made people gay and sensitive
Based. The white fella bows to the abo
Well, I guess they "pretended" insomuch as they pretended they were a prostitute that wasn't going to rob them.
Can an aussie wade in and confirm/deny this?
Said the dog eating faggot
probably during the cronulla riot
He was the epitome of manliness

Don’t treat them then.
It's copypasta, the original was talking about Paris/France.
Killed by the Government back in the 90s. Not even kidding.
why did they kill him?
Mick Dundee is an outdated stereotype, and many people see him as a joke character now
Fake and gay
This is probably true. An abc does not look like an African, some Africans are very attractive. I’m not convinced that Australian aborigines are human.
As if we have any room to talk in America. I'm a nurse. Just found out in June that I'm under investigation by the Board of Nursing. I have never had a patient complaint against me, I have never had a single med error, and have never been written up for anything at work in my entire nursing career. What's the official charge (if you can call it that) that I'm being investigated for? "The image to nursing". Yes. The image to nursing. What brought this about? I was doxed by leftists, I won't go into detail as the leftist that doxed me has admitted to lurking here, and details will give away my identity and will only cause the leftists to report me more. I was doxed, leftists said to report me cause I'm a "Nazi", and here we are. You would think that simply being pro-white is not cause for an investigation, but you would be wrong. Not only am I under investigation, but the state is actually taking the ramblings of a crazed leftist seriously. The meeting with the investigator was an absolute joke.
Abos are just inbred Dravidians. Seriously, that's all they are.
Crimes against cinema
True :'(
This cannot be real.
He got nothing out of the movie based on his story, tried to sue, got nothing, got on the drugs, shot at another druggie, cops came, shot and killed a cop, cops killed him.
Makes you think that nothing has really changed and is just happening everywhere else, what a coincidence.
God DAMN I love being an American.
for carrying a knife
>lmao try your best

Nowhere does it say anything about apologizing or privilege.
Lebs have calmed down since then to some extent; our main problems are muslims and africans in that regard now.
The lebs doing the raping and shit were muslims you dumb cunt
calm your farm dickhead. I was referring to the lebs already here, not the allahu ackbar "refugees"
Yo, I'd like 2 cocaines please.
Are white looking Jew nurses excused from this?
That's funny, but I'm not actually joking.
I can't wait for the day we overthrow the Zionist regime and remove ALL subversive operators and migrants from the country.
They did learn how to make fire, but then regressed so far as to forget again.
I'm to the point where I think this is all a big ruse by the to get people to realize the left is such a shit show. They are their own worst enemy by far and they are too stupid to realize it. Nobody is that retarded to not see your plan of taking down white people is not working it just makes us more powerful in the end
Its ok you'll be back in your containment cells when little kid school starts again.
Come with me friend, there's nothing left here for you now.
This is beyond bullshit.
I'll probably end up doing the same to be honest. I've always liked South-East Asia.
also not in Australia
WHAT THE FUCK KILL ME NOW
That real dude Crocodile Dundee was based off of was the last real Australian man. After the powers that be killed him, there have been no Australian men - only Kangarooistani numales.
sorry I'm white, mate
Don't those guys make sub-saharan Africans look like Einstein by comparison? Looks like the UK claim to "King Cuck" has a strong contender.
I'm white btw, so I have certain privileges in this thread.
Also a great way to kill off a bunch of Abos.
Kikes run everything everywhere.
Lay off the TF2
We really do have to get rid of the Jews, don't we? I didn't want to believe it, even after seeing that they were behind most Leftism. But they are going to force us to expel them from every country on Earth. They don't know how to stop.
So glad we won.

I didn't.
Temperatures will vary. Just imagine all the extra no bath taking people added into the euro mix and how bad it must smell there.
>destroying nature for the nigger-spic cycle
>Opinion not even considered.
>laughs in Florida
wow didnt need a weatherology degree to crack that mystery open
It is so wet and rainy in south central Florida that we are praying for just 1 fucking day of no rain.
>not a memeflag
Heat is more comfortable than cold.
nigger

>Stop reading your post at (you)
Eurofags are weak, keeping over when it's 38 or 40. It was 80 degrees here today, didn't even notice.
When the Jews said there was nothing to worry about.
Summer is hottest season on Earth, damn those pesky Humans and their gases.
Dios mio... El Ogro...

>It was hot somewhere today therefore global warming is real
wtf it has not been so cold in the last five years
All time temperature record for europe will be broken on the 10th. Screen cap this.
Hope you got a license for those FAN BLADES M8!
spearchucker
No. Fuck off faggot.

Florida man here, I get cold when it gets below 79.
It didn't rain today. I was in the pool all day.
Unlike niggers, we now have more advanced technology than we had back then.
>HOTTEST DAY EVER!

The Earth is supposedly 4.543 billion years old, and humans have only been keeping accurate temperature records for the the last 140 years roughly... So there isn't nearly enough data on record to make any kind of assertion one way or the other.
I've seen people put on fucking snow gear in Florida when it's only around 60 degrees.
do those people realize they look silly?
the global elite is testing weather weapons. Last year it was Commiefornia this year it's Europoors. They are doing this to melt the brains of the last resisting global warming deniers. So they will beg for this to have an ending and install mandatory air conditioning units in office building and apartments like the rest of the advanced world.
I hope it is so when brown people outnumber us they're left with a miserable hellscape.
Bastard. Surface water everywhere here in places that never flood.
When I turned off my brain and couldn't believe that Summer was hot
See, i would not know that as I do not go outside in dangerous weather conditions like that.
Glad I live in the US where we have A/C... I'm actually freezing my balls off here in Phoenix. RIP Europoors.
I'm not paying more taxes because the planet will burn up with or without us.
good doggo!
weather != climate
Yeah. I happen to live in one of the only places in town that doesn't flood during hurricanes or super bad storms. Everyone else is traveling through the neighborhood on a boat.
when the green around me started looking like Fall Out New Vegas
puts toast in toaster... bames toast for getting burned.
It is not.
I just put a sweatshirt on. Kinda chilly in my basement
This was taken today in Lisbon, a fucking costal city
S Carolina fag here...this is by far the mildest summer I've ever experienced.
Lucky. Where you at? My basement's still about 75F and the sun's been down for almost an hour.
Truly the strongest race in the world
such a good game :) I've been to Hoover Dam and Vegas so my allegiance is to the NCR. Fuck Ceasar and his commie legion followers!!
It was 74 today in Charleston thanks to the rain.
>Stopped reading at (you)
We have to wait for the next volcanic blessing.
The only thing I see there is a big metal greenhouse that has a combustion engine getting hot. Nothing new under the sun except for fucking useless moors like you.
“Climate” “change” is redundant. I learned in 6th grade the climate changes, that’s what it does.
It's a fucking shame really.
If the public discourse wasn't so fucking retarded people wouldn't be so skeptical about climate change and global warming.
Plus it’s summer, dummy
These kids nowadays. Never learned to prepare. Never learned to save. Never read the SAS Survival Guide. It will be their downfall.

That's a point we can ascertain.
Kill yourselves newfags
OMG I must have her! Is her last name Ramirez? Everyone's last name in Arizona is Ramirez. Gib instagram!!!
To be fair, fans were enough until now. using AC under 35 celsius is for weakling and women.
cfH_HHH8
We do things because we can, like refrigerate eggs
hey rabbi
Global warming is fake, CO2 has hit its peak radiative forcing, but I play along because if we get it low enough (Like 50 ppm), we will get colder.
t.lucrece
>summer is hot
When did you realize that your a faggot?
And I spent the day working and contributing to society and the economy probably unlike you where, you truly useless fuck.

Just make it winter again. I can put on a pair of sweaters and socks and mittens but I can't take of my skin and flesh. FUCK SUMMER! Also it's hard to breathe when you're running and everything is sticky.
I'd be willing to bet that some of the sea level rise over the past 20k years drove a lot of ancient myths.
It is getting overcrowded and we're paying the result of china, inia and africa completely destroying their envirronments.
There are a number of places that people lived that sank either slowly or suddenly like the black sea
They grew orange trees in Scotland when the Romans were still in power. Play on people's lack of memory some more shillbot
France won the World Cup with an all African team. Why are you french white people so ungrateful! Embrace Algeria. Embrace that you have become Africa!
Horizon zero dawn is the future that the north will face.
no, it's not.
We're just trying to make Europe more like the deserts the able-bodied migrant workers fled from
based greek philosopher.
The day of that victory only nigs and muzz celebrated it, they got the memo quickly and dropped it immediately.
Not wanting Europe to become like Africa and the Middle East in every way, including the weather, is RAYSISS.
heat is comfortable when you're wearing layers of clothes and you're able to breathe fresh air... it is uncomfortable to be naked in the arctic however. It's more comfortable to be naked near the equator but then again the mosquito bites and itches are probably still a worse fate than dying in the cold.
They celebrated by looting.. The old fashioned way of the french. Griezmann probably got on a plane real fast and flew away. kek
Climate change is obviously real but I like it, continue pumping those gases, goyim. I don't want to freeze my ass in the –40 Celsius winters like it used to be in my childhood no more.
It was north america
The Dogger Bank people wrote about just that, but nobody will ever find their books. I mean they could've. If they hadn't filled their neighboring countries with rapefugees.
based and redpilled
I thought it was "climate change" now. Funny how it goes back to "global warming" during a hot summer
They also used GW (or maybe it was AGW) in that recent carbon scam treaty we didn't sign.
you are not going to see 100 years of human carbon emission on a 24 thousand year time scale with a 140 meter vertical axis. the point is to resolve the dx/dt due to humans and show that it is not replicated in the natural record on the same time scale. poltards i swear.
Don't lie about having a pool you fucking nigger
weak fags
That dude is pretty quick.
i want global warming to be real so shitskins of our future can fry like eggs and live in flooded cities
Basically take a miniscule data set and extrapolate the end of humanity. Great science. Wake me up when you have an actual predictive model.
same reason
it's painful when it's humid
Adulthood is realizing that it's real, but the money that could be spent on renewable energy is being spent on feeding, housing, and clothing brown people.
is pol ready for adulthood?
when was the first prediction of co2 from fossil fuels causing warming of climate?
except records being set in many places in portugal. national record expected tomorrow
now, was your comment mongoloid tier because you're ignorant, or because you're a shill?

As long as I'm dead by the next Ice Age, I don't care.
Is it really a coincidence that public discussion and enthusiasm over renewables has played second fiddle to gibs over the years?
Q predicted this
>their 1968 study concluded that the burning of fossil fuels would bring “significant temperature changes” by the year 2000 and ultimately “serious worldwide environmental changes,” including the melting of the Antarctic ice cap and rising seas.
The globalists thought they were going to get their global warming based one world government and then their plans didn't come together on time and they oversold the wrong propaganda.
I don't know about that. lots of countries didn't wait for international agreements but just pushed ahead with investing in renewables and came up with national strategies to stabilize emissions.
Right, which puts them in the cool kids club while playing the money game while potentially doing what might seem justified according to the official science. The rest of the one world government overreach had to be reworked once enough of the public found out what the plan was and even the politicians thought it was just too hamfisted to work.
... so you're denying that co2 is causing warming?
Congrats on your meme President.
SPACE FORCE!!!! DISCLOSURE SOON!
why is it retarded?
You sound pretty low energy.
He's paid by the thread not the posts.
SCIENCE!! is supposed to be the exclusive domain of the libtard.
There will never be a USS Obama
I unironically don’t see the problem
what, so faggot reddit homos now hate the idea of going into space?
Fake news.
I hope you're right.
Just take anything liberals say and believe the opposite and you get to an approximate truth. The amount of butthurt and kvetching over the space force means it's a fantastic idea.
Space isn't real you dumbass honkeys
give a good explanation as to why this is bad in any way at all.
because spending money on space is literally throwing money into a black pit

No, thank you for having no platform or a candidate anyone liked.
Dang, English language is hard.
Space Force!
i'm sure nasa has a budget, so why not use it to explore space and revive the program?
For what purpose? Are you retarded?
The absolute state of this board
what about the muslim outreach!!
thanks bro
Yes there will, you know there will. Also, it's fine. He was president; he gets a ship.
Question: who gets mars when we are ready? Whites or blacks?
Yeah, and piss comes from the balls.
das rite! why whitey gotta be all up on the moon in sheit? gib me summa dat shit. gotta fund some black HOES wit dat shit nawmsayn
Trust me there are worse meme leaders out there
nigger they need money so we can get the FUCK off this planet
>durrrrr this is so pointless
That's a great idea. More revenue for the government and more use and advancement of space technology.
asteroid-worth-quadrillions/
How dare he charge corporations for using public resources! I miss the good old days of senseless wars and crony capitalism.
best post
To go where?
literally this. i support trump and all but unless he knows something we don't about the ayy lmaos then this shit is full retard.
m-rich-asteroid-has-/
It never existed, not born in the states and not man enough to throw a baseball.
Space Force!
we send all the blacks. theyre smart enough to figure it out.
can't wait to vote this faggot Jew lover out of office
Its funny because being on the moon is literally more worthless to society than funding black abortions.
he should declare war on alpha centauri next. we need to know what meds he is on.
OP is one of those libtards that thinks NASA money is better spent on feeding all the homeless people in the US.
you are such a fucking idiot. There is the potential for a literal gold rush in space that would keep capitalism and human progress alive for the next 1000 years. The point of private / public mixing is ultimately to secure these resources, shipping, and processing with military strength and begin raping space. It's the same pattern we have followed countless times in history and there has been massive amounts of wealth generated from these processes to a great numbers of people.
I cant believe you fucks want to fund a group of people demonstrably inept at handling money with your tax dollars. You think they wont take the money and split after a few "failed" prototypes.
CAN R*DDIT NIGGERS FUCK OFF?
t. ditchdigger pleb
Nasa money is better spent giving inner city hoodrats free abortions. Let the private sector handle space mining.
he needs mo money fo dem programs
OP is a fag. Now sage, all of you.
500 years after President Trump creates the Space Force
Alright elon.
need military protection for US interests. We astrodollar now.
When will he start opening up black projects so that US companies don't have to "discover" shit we've already know about for decades
Because it confirms your narrative. Nice.
Yes there will, it'll be the biggest, blackest ship in our fleet

Im fine with the US govt spending money protecting private corps interested in space mining. I do not trust a government agency to do it themselves, fucking lol at the thought.
Space force confirmed.
Oh good so now Boeing is going to own GPS 2.0
they certainly know how to bullshit


Fuck off cuck
or we could just stop giving out food stamps.
saged.
>Trump: Whoa, check out these space vehicles that the air force has been secretly working on. Good thing, considering the corruption!
USS Obama - Space Force
If Trump wants to impress us he needs to find a way cancel SLS/Deep State Gateway crap and create the equivalent of Commercial Crew program to go the Moon or Mars so SpaceX and Blue Origin can have an incentive developing their super heavy boosters and spaceships.
S A G E
Fuck them too? Fuck the people that literally voted trump into office?
space forces has actually a use considering the us has the most to lose in space should anyone else start picking off satellites which the chinese already demonstrated by shoot one of their own satellites down. People that dismiss space force are uninformed plebs.
Initial steps into space were gov't. Next steps will be partnership with gov't and private enterprise. Third step will be closer to true capitalism. The risk and initial momentum needed to take a step in those directions is a huge obstacle to overcome.
Yeah but Trump did it so it's dumb and we're wrong again.
Lunar Orbital Platform-Gateway


At least you understand. This is a real burger conversation so taco ur way out.
For every person who gets kicked off foodstamps we kick out a spic. They can work or starve.

Reminder that it will eventually be a crime to speak negatively about space exploration in anyway. Being anti-space could result in the memetic propagation of the idea, preventing us from becoming independent of Earth thus allowing us to survive potentially catastrophic asteroid impacts either via the technological means to divert or simply to escape. The end result being the death of humanity which may be directly attributed to posts such as this, making you directly responsible for mundicide.
How are you going to fund the escape from the heat death of the universe?




we've met before
FeelsStarTrekMan
This. And nigger babies come from their mums anus.
SPACE FORCE!

you stupid nigger, the space is the future.
Yeah youre right, you should just stand there next time a vehicle is cruising towards you.

Actually it's a brilliant idea for the advancement of technology and space based infrastructure. I'm not surprised that your retarded Hillary supporting globalist ass doesn't get that.
Idk who i hate more, kikes or people who cant into the necessity of space exploration
libtardians hate science now.
who are the 9 astronauts?
1 nigger male 1 56% male 1 latina 1 56% woman and the rest are white males
All you cunts not saging and ignoring this thread should be lined up and shot. Lurk more you fucking new niggers.
It will have to be a submarine. They're better at being underwater.
fe disclose is incoming
Come on you apes you want to live forever?

Oh, the humanity.
XYJjfAKY
t. low iq hick boomer
I'm Donald J. Trump! The J stands for Genius.
Sounds like a solid strategy.
Space Force recruitment office 5 blocks from the white house. I'm seriously thinking about it. I'm only about an hour away
I love seeing LeBitch get BTFO.
>Space Force!
>The information about the cosmic flotsam also bugged researcher Hans Kristensen, a director of the Nuclear Information Project at the Federation of American Scientists. He said that the “meteor” exploded “above missile early warning radar at Thule Air Base,” the northernmost US base, which has operated on the island since the 1940s.
If you go, then come back and tell stories about what they have to say about it all.
Why does the right fuck and have kids nonstop? How can the left even compete?
this is why (((they))) keep pushing muh diversity and immigration
Trump baby boom
"nazi" is a racist slur for white people
No, it's a compliment you mongrel
A compliment best kept in /pol/ (at least for now.)
Nazi is the new n word. We are the new niggers now
"If you don't like x don't y" is code for 'we own this now and we're gonna destroy it. then move onto the next thing'
"A homonymic term Nazi was in use before the rise of the NSDAP in Bavaria as a pet name for Ignatz and (by extension from that) a derogatory word for a backwards peasant, which may have influenced[2] the use of that abbreviation by the Nazis' opponents and its avoidance by the Nazis themselves" kike faggot call me the slur again
we must secure the existence of our people and a future for european children even though we will be absolute utterly ripped to fucking pieces the moment we leave Earth by more advanced races who believe our talk of securing an existence for europeans or whatever the fuck is ridiculous because we're so inferior to them technologically that we might as well be literal shit eating vermin
Get your shit together white people!!!!
What kind of shit meth looks like breakfast cereal?
What kind of shit meth looks like breakfast cereal?
How much of it must there have been.

He could've been the next Steve Jobs, the next Bill Gates.
He probably thought it was the last bit of sugar crumbs at the bottom of the bag
his dad was doing meth, there wasn't really thing lost here. natural selection at work
Either way fucked up. I'll pray for him. I know that doesn't really help but damn.
Indiaaaaaaaana
>ice crispy treats
Said he suffered for hours. Sounds like dad din't call 911 right away.
The infamous 8 year old meets his match
the one your father shoves in your mouth
>photo was taken minutes before he died
>Implying that niglets don't wind up dying from more stupid shit
KEK i was thing the same thing. Maybe this was nature doing it's thing and getting rid of the stupid before it got older
Wh*Tes irrevocably BTFO.
hmmmm....
rKMODrz8
My sides
living in a house with meth rocks laying around. that kid was getting diddled
poor kid. but at least he gave the world a really good laugh before he went
Am I alone in believing that the father should be executed by being forced to eat a bowl of meth?
I get it
>"sue the state!"
meth is bitter as fuck and taste like ass...why the kid thought it was okay to eat and swallow is beyond me.
>Collman’s previous record includes trafficking and sexual misconduct with a minor. He has also taken police on a high-speed chase.
nope it's a fucked deal dads a piece of shit.
oopsie whoopsie! i made a fuckie wuckie! a wittle fucko boingo
and no he shouldn't get to eat a bowl of meth since he would enjoy it to much. beat to death is more fitting.
>need generator for heat
t crack teeth roody poo
Most drug od cases are actually murders, the cops don't investigate those for some reason.
8 year olds shouldn't have to deal with fucking baggies of meth in the house

Is Facebook sponsored ads secretly /ourguy/
yeah nah he's stupid
Q predicted this
Not even a really stupid kid would have mistaken it for fucking fruit loops or whatever,
kek, you retards are the worst
Imagine being so stupid that you don’t know burning gasoline creates carbon monoxide. This guy did the human race a big favor by removing his family from the gene pool
Yeah Whitey! Be more like the blacks in Detroit, Camden or Baltimore who take care of their children properly and never do drugs!
This is fucking surreal.
the kind a kid has never seen before
I imagine a bag of meth doesn't like fucking Lucky Charms or Rice Krispies. No this kid was a fucking retard like yourself. Glad the kid made a dumb choice at 8 instead of fucking up the rest of world with his stupid decisions at 20.
No Mexicans are one of the worst. Thats a disgusting flag you have. I about vomited
Oy vey, /pol/ learn thr dangerous (((science))) behind 3D printed guns!
You are better off with zip guns than this retarded shit that will hurt you first than the person you wish
Et tu science channel?
City people all voted for Hillary.
This is just one step towards advancement in 3D printing weapons technology. All modern weapons from firearms to missiles have advanced step by step.
>He wants to fire a completely untraceable plastic gun made without any safety standards that will likely blow up in your hand
https://youtu.be/NF9kmPQCH98
It's more that every media outlet is telling the same subliminal message. (3D printed guns are evil, because (((we))) can control them) this is how they brainwash the normie masses, you know the deepstate is behind this.
The Democratic Congress will ban them in 2019.
A well placed hit from my NUNCHAKU will disable any attacker. Who needs a gun anyways?
What does being "untraceable" have to do with it? That doesn't make it any more or less dangerous.
Unreachable: +15 sneak damage
eeGz3rwY
based and redpilled
How can you ban, something that you can't control? This is much more of a first amendment case then it is a second.
>no self-damage stat
Canadian flags did this 12 hours ago.
Because court ruling was made saying that the department of Justice can't do anything about them, it's why blue states are suing defense distributed.
We're really in trouble if they start printing plastic bullets.
glocks are made of plastic
Time to get out the rakes.
Literally "delete this from the internet" tier ignorance.
Only if you roll a 1 on a 16 dice
Ever heard of a flare gun? Plastic is fine as long as you are not putting a magnum round or birdshot in it.
You are a fucking pathetic joke if you think they won't come for the guns because it's "impossible". It's possible, and you are a pathetic nigger living in a watermelon fuel fantasyland. If tomorrow, Trump turned traitor, and your local PD came house to house, with demands for all your registered weapons, you would do nothing.
It's more difficult to destroy a metal weapon.
That can happen with regular guns.
How would the government know that you had something you download from a torrent and printed in your home? How do they control that?
You forgot to make a point and just sperged out.
Well ya .357 magnum in a .38 would do that
Enjoy it blowing up in your hand.
I can't wait until city shitlibs figure out what a home improvement store is and what they have inside.
Glocks are made out of polymer dickhead, not some trashy 3D printing material.
The parts that actually are relevant and are hard to manufacturer and not 3d printable in the slightest.
This is what (((they))) really want to stop. They don't give a fuck about the meme gun that is the liberator
You can print with some really good quality plastics. I work in the biomed R&D industry and we 3D print a lot of our components which have to withstand hundreds of hours of high temperature disinfect cycles.
My friend is a gun nut and he says 3D printed guns are a meme but that he can make his own guns if need be because you can buy almost every part of a gun completely anonymously.
Never listen to retarded liberals. Youll end up with a nigger president or a prime minister who is a literal cuck child.
This is exactly what the fuss is about. AR lowers are the real big deal for "Ghost guns"
If you already have access to industrial grade equipment and materials then you've entered arms manufacturer territory anyway right?
Nigger, you do know it is possible to 3D print with carbon fiber filaments, right? Fucking boomer retard
Oh wait they won't because they are just little kikes that don't undertstand that PLA guns are fucking stupid that can self destruct and pulverize the shooter with shrapnel.
Of course my anecdote isn't the same as babby's first 3D printer, but if you're smart about the material you can choose an elastic building material that would warp more than shatter after a shot. These 3D guns are made for a single low power shot. Receivers can be fucked up easily by someone grinding away, so a 3D printed model is a serious problem for those trying to limit the proliferation of firearms. The liberator pistol however has fewer defenders than the 80% lower community, so using it as the main reason means fewer people resisting it.
Yeah it's also possible to mass produce AR-15s on an assembly line faggot. What's your point?
are you retarded?
Yeah senpai carbon filament 3D printers are totally household appliances.
Nigger, any PLA printer ($200) can print carbon fiber filament
So go print off a gun with a $200 printer and $49 of carbon filament, then post it here.

(((science channel)))
More like doesn't matter, because Philippine people do the shit with hand tools in the middle of the jungle.

Just watch the death of netanyahu, something a metal weapon cannot accomplish
>I'm in a social environment with people I'm not totally comfortable with
GHOST IN A SHELL IRL CONFIRMED!!!!
This is something an arrogant elitist family member of mine routinely forgets, their entire party is backed by human trash.
any person who is sufficiently skilled or is capable of becoming sufficiently skilled can get or do anything he wants. That's not up for debate, it's meaningless information to know that some autist can do it if he just does x.. y.. z.. No shit.
They will make possession and distribution of files a crime, just like having pictures of children having sex.
80% of that is a non 3D printed gun.
We must fight against censorship and disarmament.
When Canadians are pushing something, something is wrong about it.
They are the ones that made the torrent.
Welcome to US gun laws.
The first amendment is about freedom of speech leaf. Unlike Canada and the UK (((hate speech))) laws are unconstitutional.
Bingo we have a fucking winner. You are beginning to see it also.
Just like bump stocks liberals didn't give a shit about 3d printed gun till NYT and NPR told them to. They still don't know anything about 80% lowers yet, let's hope it stays that way.
Exactly
This is why Jefferson wanted an agrarian democracy

3D Gun files are no different than pictures of nude children.
Is that why we have the electoral college?
This is now a pedo thread

I'm told .22 is just a leathal as any other bullet when he goes through your skull
You anons should take this seriously. My Mosin AK-15 fires fully semi-automatic ghost guns at people. They ghost guns also fire smaller ghost guns when I use my sniper clip.
I still haven't heard a legit reason from critics how this is any worse than a Polymer80 lower.
Cuz they don't care about printed guns. This is about making information illegal.
Because Dems have no idea about 80% lowers because the NYT and CNN haven't sperged out about them. If a mass shooter ever uses one then there will be a massive melt down about them.
80% had a slight boom back in January-March time but nothing ruining as of now. 3DPG got its hit because of DEFCAD's legal debacle making news and shoving 3DPG into the spotlight.
Yeah if the bullets are metal
The barrel and chamber are metal.
Whoever convinced them that the lower was the gun must have been fucking with them. They have so little gun knowledge they're still going with it.
And plastic smokeless powder... look out now!
I have no "registered weapons"... Move along, these are not the droids youre looking for.
These were the first-generation ones. They've got plastic/metal construction ones and already existing metal designs are being scanned in so they can be machined with micro-sized automated aluminum millers and such.
Does it have whisper mode?
How did we reach this point?
They've been bros for years
Yeah but this is so out of the blue.
What happened to you /pol/?

>NRA literally never said that
>(((dickinson)))
You can't have threads that are remotely about gun control, as this thread will soon devolve into, on /k/ without it being send to /pol/.
Good then the GOA can takeover from them and actually fight for gun rights instead of just compromising with shitlibs who's end goal is a out right ban.
pace-aliens-7793030/
They look like asian/ white kids....
go tell /x/ you bored faggot
Do you fail to understand the political implications of such an event???
OP is a fag. Saged.
They are a bunch alien supremacist, fuck the aliens.
it's a quasar
so then it shouldnt be hard to link to a politician who is talking about this then, right?
GOD IS RETURNING, REPENT!!!
>The information about the cosmic flotsam also bugged researcher Hans Kristensen, a director of the Nuclear Information Project at the Federation of American Scientists. He said that the “meteor” exploded “above missile early warning radar at Thule Air Base,” the northernmost US base, which has operated on the island since the 1940s.
Aliens are really humans in the future. We evolved nigga
>Scientists cannot yet identify the process which produces the short and sharp radio wave bursts, which means we cannot rule out the possibility they were made by aliens.
ory/e5c78414a6634d04f5309be949ef42f
Aliens are and always will be a psy-op. My family was a victim of it.
as if theyd be using shitty technology like ours.
Think about having no red pill, born before humans and the Jews had technology, and you try to figure out the world. Alien shit happened then like now, whether its natural phenomena or whatever, its the same as before so it's not a psyops.
"Aliens" are actually space niggers from the future.
it's just swamp gas, you faggots. Move along now.
got a link to the thread in your pic?
Breaking news leafs for life on uranus. In other breaking news leafs eat moose cock. What else is new.
Let bo jo at em

Lick my sweaty, stinky, summer-heated vagina, faggot.
Vince was murdered in the White House, so glad we didn't put a murderer back in the White House!
Why doesn’t anyone think of the Six Marillion

They're rushing it so much I'm starting to believe it's all controlled opposition. What's the need for this move?
FUUUCCCKKKK YEAAAAAAHHH
Since it's only Italians that get accused of racism, it's pissing people off and the minister of the family said it's an instrument of globalists against native Italians, so they want to remove it.
well no fucking shit, the ovens are firing up in italy. please italy go fascist.
How is this not ANOTHER SHOAH
why has kikery become so obvious in recent years? they don't even hide it anymore

This. Liberals spent decades getting to where they are. We need to be patient and spend decades reversing their work. A chimp out will not help us.
OHHH GAAAWWWDD
>no italian gf to tie me up and force me to sniff her swarthy, mediterranean feet
Salvini is so based
ITALY! NO!
feet are fucking nasty you dirt nonce, why do you fags get off on feet so much? and why do you insist on peddling it here?
italy is shaped like a feet. All italians love feet.
>imagine the possibilities
>we can't win, we need to LOOOSE
I used to be like you. You'll understand one day.
mate the day i start masturbating to feet you are free to put a bullet through my skull.
All while the center and left media attacks you 24/7 trump style? If they have any brain they do whatever they have in mind and they do it fast.
Not really. What the shits are pushing is so contrary to nature, they have to move the needle incrementally and ratchet it slightly. Going the other way will happen face-meltingly fast because it will take us back to the natural order.
How about a boot?

We need a man like the Duce right now. Too many degenerate leftists need to be mopped up.
italy is a boot and boots make girls have smelly feet
Let me guess, it has nothing to do with fascism ?
Wow. I actually have goosebumps thinking any European country is that woke. Hail our people.

atus/1025331989807812609
It's not anti-fascism it's a hate crime law.
http://archive.fo/fBbC5
Well next to Denmark, Austria, Hungary and Poland, Europe seems to have another nation coming to its senses slowly. Things are changing here too, but more in the civil war: Big cities against the rest of the country kind of way. Troubling.
it's called strategy you dumb fuck, rushing things out leads to wars in case you haven't noticed it yet
keep in mind big cities are self destructive, so most of their manpower will perish before doing any damage
REEEEE I want an Italian qt right now
fascist northern Italian gf when
You got that right
Strange, I can only count 5 with my hand.
Americans have gross tastes. If this were the end boss in a game. I would just shoot myself.
>Italian
why does italy like feet so much?
ino_us_5b6488dae4b0de86f4a0f5ce
>next up, men can have vaginas

Jews are like 0,1% of Italy's population, they are non-existant, why do they think their opinion matters at all? Why does anyone present it as it should even matter?
Slow and steady wins the race. Baby steps. Don't turn the heat on the frog up too much. Don't scare the normies away. The most important step is throwing lefty women out of teaching positions and getting right leaning men in.
His ghost has risen
Faggot confirmed
BECAUSE OF THE 6 GORILLION YOU BIGOT
>being this ignorant
49f-904f-4771-a8f3-ebec28de6d8f.htm
What was that quote he gave the commies before they shot him? "Something something, come back as a stronger leader."
Pottery.

You probably think the Spanish War was just over simple politics, too. Sad!
That was my post! I still rub remi's smelly vampire feet from time to time!
wasnt there a period of time in Europe where disease was running rampant and sex would often be a death sentence leading to less risky sexual play with feet?
I'm not sure anon! But italian girl feet are so smelly playing with them would basically be a death sentence anyway!
Try 6 gorillion chazillion, you filthy antisemite
Give him a Kippah
Fucking Mexicans are the worst. Also, don't you have anything better to do than adopt meme flags to reply to yourself? Seriously, it's like you're some sort of retard.
Implying a war is not whats needed.
Italy NO!
But then again our police is shit and everyone drives their motorcycles without a helmet
Do it.
high class patricians love feet

Those inbred fucks mutilate the genitals of children not to mention brainwash them, who gives a fuck what those sick fucks want.
do it to 'em
A bit heavy on the rhetoric, but essentially correct.
Italy is truly God-tier
not until we start seeing boatloads of nigger going in the opposite direction
>no penetration, no nudity, just aesthetic and olfactory appreciation, it's a safe, chaste and intellectual fetish with lots of nuance like fine wines
The UN is pressuring Italy too much with refugees, this is their way of telling to calm the fuck down or Fascism will return
Why would Italians, historically speaking, ever give a shit what Jewish groups think?
Hmm really tenses those synapses
Italy for Italians.
youtu.be/5yhjyNXvqr4
i found you you smelly
The general feeling is not of extreme polarization a la USA but a general right wing drift, even from leftists
the ballerina has texted me in the years since, trying to fuck and get back into it, but i have none of it because she's jewish and i suspect she's burned coal.
As a fellow white man with Italian roots, I am surprised, shocked and terrified regarding these developments. Let's not forget about all the evil, death and suffering fash has caused us over millenia.
Alright, this is epic.
No it is not, the law that wanted to make that illegal never passed. Currently it is illegal to condone fascism in a political setting and that's it. You could paint mussolini on your house if you wanted to.
>tfw when /pol/ becomes head of state
>going into fuck you mode
a one man meme with a meme flag. show your smelly flag, foot fag.
Only 5 members of Marillion
based and red pilled
Because we all use the uninformal Roman salute without thinking about it
I mean was it worse to have inflation and on and off government instability or a million niggers runnin wild on and among the foundations of the western world and its people?

My flag is not smelly!
Italy is always ahead of us. The 20s in Germany will get bloody.
Not the million of niggers. I'd rather burn my country to the ground and salt the earth than surrender it to foreigners who will shit on our culture and heritage for centuries
Because you are cattle to them you stupid goyim
oy vey
Oy vey you filthy antisemite, you. It was nearly Eight Nosrillion
Why I love Italy so much
How about Hitler?
>Eight
>hail our people
Its a patrician fetish.
Do you think we will get an Austrian immigrant again?
Hitler is not even Italian, who cares. To be frank they'd probably drag yo to court and try and process you for "apology of fascism", but as I said the crime only applies in a political setting, it'd take a while but you'd walk away untouched.
The next shill, kike, or sperg useful idiot who pushes the "Meds aren't white" meme gets a knuckle sandwich from yours truly.
Behold the power of a fully armed and operational potato nigger
also, all italians like feet because italy is a feet.

No, Kleindeutschland was the redpill. Everything was going fine in Germany until Wilhelm II. Grossdeutschland was a mistake.
Mussolini went to heaven whereas Hitler didn't

So vivacious and full of life. I hope the fire of the west is rekindled in my lifetime.
Men get down! It's a tank!
Meant to post with this.
I'm not sure why I always plays like Italy in EU IV or HOI III...
Is the guy in the picture supposed to be the Jew or the fascist?
Salty and ungrateful. My great-uncle literally liberated your Douche from his imprisonment.

LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO

Also disgusting memeflag footfag
>Sudtirol is finally free
Show your flag, Chaim
I say six million, he says six hundred, you probably think somewhere in between
There's literally no difference between a german and a kike.
Okay Sargn
that's because hitler is a bodhisattva and is simply awaiting reincarnation, you demiurge worshiping heathen.
Q predicted this
If everything but fascism is fascism, what will they call real fascism when the time comes.
Italians fascists didn't even do anything to Jews (except when Germany pressured them), but Schlomo can't miss an opportunity to scaremonger about anuddah shoah.
Holy fuk, I'm so happy for you Italians.
IL DUCE!!!! Lives
Devil's advocate here. Maybe it has always been obvious, you're just getting better at spotting it?
>Even after my death they will feel my hate
congrats spaghetti friends
> a scrap of paper was slipped into the speaker's hand. He unrolled and read it without pausing in his speech. Nothing altered in his voice or manner, or in the content of what he was saying, but suddenly the names were different.
God speed you glorious pastaniggers.
>Il saluto romano è vietato in Italia dalla legge n. 645 del 20 giugno 1952 ("Legge Scelba"), successivamente modificata con la Legge n. 205 del 25 giugno 1993 ("Legge Mancino"), ma solo qualora compiuto con intento di "compiere manifestazioni esteriori di carattere fascista" e può essere punito con la reclusione da sei mesi a due anni e con la multa da 200 euro a 500 euro.[17] Una sentenza della Corte di cassazione del febbraio 2018 ha sancito che il saluto romano non costituisce reato se compiuto come «atto commemorativo».
>Zombie kike 6000000™ has risen, only quads can kill him
As I said, our police is shit, we have far more problems with financial corruption and other shit and fortunately enough our government is not as shitty as the brits' and they don't go around arresting people for raising a hand or jaywalking
>t. civil lawyer
tf when Italian American feels good man

Change the laws, purge the leftists and it's Renaissance 2.0
Christopher Cantwell’s summary of German sentiment toward the end of Weimar: “Fuck it, it’s Nazi time”
all of my yes
"anti-fascism law"
Do murderers suddently admit they've murdered someone whenever they go to court or is the whole purpose of it to try to find if he actually did it and if he wanted to do it preemptively
typical
And burn Roma to the ground.

YES YES YES YES YES YES
But maybe I just live in a very small town when someone can basically do whatever the fuck he wants in so far he doesn't kill anyone.
Doubt can be established on whether or not it was in self defense, by accident, in a feat of rage or premeditated, as each and everyone of such situations requires different physical preparations and psychological states which can be objectively assessed.
This thread reminds me, can someone post the "why a so salty" image? I dont have it saved.
Ashkenazim are just Italians who went north and fucked their cousins for generations.
I have no experience on the matter here, it's just my opinion.
We don't have the luxury of time, faggot. Demographics are against us.
So in general the fascism thing is used to aggravate other crimes where the certainty of the intent becomes more clear, and not as a crime in of itself. This goes in general for most "ideological crimes" where intent is the only discriminant. It really becomes impossible to prove because the defense can just come up with a new argument and the PM has to find a way to dismantle it every time, and since it's a purely intent based crime, it's almost always impossibile to keep this up. As an accessory crime however it becomes much more plausible because you have the surrounding circumstances to prove it. For example the salute that Traiani did after his rampage is much easier to correlate with a political intent that one of a random guy on the streets.
She's cute but she needs to polish her Italian.
And for checking computers and transcripts or in general other private matters they can't get a mandate only for that crime, it's a waste of police time and resources.
t. pic related
Why does Canada think they have any room at the table for the mutt meme? You're the least white country in the West with the most extreme immigration policies.
That bookshelf with the naruto mangas, stanley cup, and anime figures looks to much like mine
The difference is that the white pop is just declining here. The whites are still pure white. You actually racemix, creating horrendous creatures in the process.
we don't have jaywalking laws in england
Anyway, it's a dumb law made to incarcerate political opponent, with no pretenses whatsoever of actually being able to stop a new rise of fascism.
>marillion

What's the point of pedestrians traffic lights then or pedestrian crossings for that matter?
me smash boat grugs!
>that wop who posts anime feet
pedestrian crossing are in areas where there is a lot of pedestrian traffic ie town centers, main highway roads or shopping centers but we dont have them on every road and i cant be arrested for crossing a road with no pedestrian crossings.
Italians will always be the shoes of hitler. fuck them and their ugly food.
lol you've literally the same flag faggot. Ireland is overrated asf
Not if the jews have anything to say about it
And you're the North Ireland's tumor. Abort more Irish you fucking cucks.

Hatred of jewsish interlopers intensifies
Canada is a mistake. Kys

With Reaganomics came open doors.
Your brains are as niggered as theirs, Paddy.
low test mapleboy
I was just about to post this.
enjoy your abortion and bowing to homo's, seamus..
Most Western Jews are genetically related to Italians. Thankfully, Italians don't have the nose but a good deal of the smarts. Dagos invented modern banking.
Italians don't need non-european votes to win their elections.
Pretty blackpilling, but honestly I devote my life to my beliefs and I will chase those who oppose what I seek till my last breath. At least things will stay interesting.
>im back
Fuck I gave the same advice the last Italian thread
Isn't this operation Gladio kicking in? Europe was getting too far left and about to go coco crazy for communism so now they're loading facism
YOU FUCKED UP RABBI
Unexpected kek
And here you thought the Roman Empire was finished.
Part of what made Italy, Gemany, and USSR so successful was the rapid, aggressive pace of political decisions.
Italy making us proud. Go Italy!
Which is the only thing we don't have a law for... I'm phoning the licensing authority in the morning. This can't be right.
Me know y bad grugs in cave now
HOLY SHIT YES IT BEGINS
>id peg her
LOL...IRELAND NIGGERVILLE POTATO EATING SCURVY ASS MOTHERFUCKERS WHOS ENTIRE ECONOMY AND NATION IS A WELFARE STATE HIDING BILLIONAIRE KIKES MONEY IS TALKING SHIT ABOUT ITALY?
Action has to be taken NOW
I'm getting an erection
This. Shitlibbery comes in the form of "think tanks" and "targeted marketing." Every political decision has to be carefully planned decades in advance because the deeper you descend into shitlibbery the more intense the outrage culture grows parallel to the growth of the political and spiritual apathy of the public. On the other hand, revolutionary and reactionary philosophies have historically grown and peaked over the course of comparatively microscopic time scales due to them growing out of total opposition to the present order of things, something that arises naturally across all people of all ends of the political spectrum in weak gay shit societies like those that have existed since the French Revolution.
it's all so tiring
Maybe the swarthy Europeans are the master race after all?
We're the frog you dumb nigger
>its afraid
Just cause you treated your body like shit for a decade and got fat doesnt mean you now have to waste 10 years to reverse it.
He looks like Mediterranean Sargon, to be honest.
Sargon is part black tho
SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI SI
This. All this kind of shit has gone on for years but before the rise of the internet, the MSM was very good at hiding it and/or shilling for it. So people didn't notice. Now we get no filter and see the kikes for who they are.
What about catholic spain? They are megacucked.
will the Italians ever figure out that the Jesuits are behind it all?
GREAT NEWS LADS IM SINGING GIOVINEZZA RIGHT NOW FUCK YEAH ITALY LEAD THE WAY FOR EUROPE
LwKeSEYs
The Six Million Lie Must DIE!
When not being a far left gets you labeled as Fascist because how far left the political Left have moved repealing anti-fascism laws in the only path forward.
FEELS GOOD
Slow and steady only wins marathons and politics are a sprint race
Congrats lefties, you created the very fucking monster you wanted to avoid. They wanted to change the laws to prevent dissent, and now they should rightfully be shitting themselves as other countries take notice of this.

Nothing wrong with that. Let the wisdom of your forefathers guide you.
A new european civilization must emerge, Poland, Hungary, Italy, etc... they must form a new union.
The hero has already been born, mark my words.
The Cassazione court seems to be very redpilled.
AVE CESAR!
breach-international-law-1050587
That's fine as long as in their quest for power they expel all the niggers and muslims.
Tanks peperoni.

Lol. We'll be minorities in our own countries within decades if this keeps up, Chaim.
It's only forbidden if there's a crossing less than 100m away, and even then that law is literally NEVER enforced.
Bro why the fuck is it always Jewish groups that condemn shit first
A: A Pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven

also pizza tastes better than jew
Rome and exploited usury to climb local hierarchies and married disgraced but high value women of powerful families. They steal genes like they steal shekels.
stealing meloni's voting base, same apply for salvini ofc
This is why Euros call us mutts.
the mutt meme is a kike meme retard only there to act as if the 190 million white Europeans in America are nothing

Nah, see Italy back in the mussolini days. It happened just as fast back then. Italy can be a mess, but when they get fired up they go from 0 to 100 full tilt, with no brakes.
She's like what, fifteen?
go Italy! You can do it! kick this shit off wooohooo
based salvini
God damn jews' subsersive nature. Please be true...
e-left-midterm-elections.html
Good. Both parties have been shifting too far to the right. Same thing has been happening here. You can fuck over the workers and people will still call you "left-wing" just because you wave a rainbow flag and say nice things about women. It's fucking disgusting. Even /pol/fags have fallen for this.
Going further left is what put Trump in office in the first place
KEK, LIBTARDS BTFO, SURELY OUR OWN PLAN CAN'T WORK AGAINST US WHEN THE POLLS IN MY BUBBLE SAY THE EMPEROR IS 50% APPROVAL RATINGS XD
>putting money into America's aging infrastructure
fucking archive that shit. don't give the legacy media a single page view.
Trump is further left on some econ labor issues than mainstream Dems. It is almost to the point that if the Left does not move Left it risks losing Union support.
Left to them, nowadays, means just being globalist, rather than protectionist, apparently.
The genius of Trump's 2016 campaign was he went looking for the center in places nobody bothered to. The left not learning for this mistake is both predictable and reassuring.
https://youtu.be/TvRlJ_MzoII
Reminder, Tuesday is the most important economic launch for SpaceX, while it may not be as exciting or news catching as the Falcon Heavy.
based.
get some popcorn and sunglasses and watch the fireball lads
sorry russia. you tried.
You're a fucking retard.
do you have any reason to expect a failure? have you been paying attention to their launches?
Our space program has been a disgrace. I'm glad someone private took over from NASA.
Best part is it absolutely fucks ISP monopolies.
see communism
2.webm
In what way is SpaceX an ISP? What equipment are you talking about?
if it's successful, how long until they get a global network of satellites for internet access for everyone?
I thought musk decided to go into submarines instead?
tellite-internet-service/
Is it firing Musk into the sun?
The payload for this upcoming launch is the internet satellites?
12,000 aiming for 100% coverage
7.webm
Grow up.
No, I think they will get costs completely minimized before doing the starlink launches. They have some required number to keep the reserved orbits but will likely launch them all when the block 5 is perfected and not in test mode.
nobody cares what you think.
cool, thanks!
I hope they will also release Elon's nudes during that event. He is such a hot beast.
its fucks isp monopolies by making space-x thee monopoly.
If done right the commercialization of space will be the start of a new age of explorarion. Im pretty excited about spaceX. Nasa is a depressing failure.
i learned from a business man that your goal should be to corner the market, then demand hand jobs.
Snap out of it kid,
I read some concerns with having too many rockets penetrate the atmosphere at any given time. Gonna have to dig those up. Would prefer it to not be the case but being cautious with the ozone is always going to be my prefered aproach.
People will catch up to spacex eventually, but yeah a private company with a monopoly on cheap space launches is going to be worth so much money. So many businesses and communications they can monopolize at will.
5 years if you're American .
New weapons.
I'd have a harem
SpaceForce is going to be awesome.
Musk tends to shoot himself in the foot by overpromising, but I tend to chalk it up to how passionate and excited he is about technology and the future. It will likely be him and a few other wealthy individuals who drag mankind kicking and screaming into space.
You spacefags think this went to the moon?
It only ever flew in the vacuum of space you r-tard lol.
We need gumdams

Something went to the moon. There are observable objects/landing sites.
It sucks space wars won't ever have ww2 style fighter fights.
I mean images are proof aren't they?
you can see the landing sites from earth
It's clearly a conspiracy by the telescope manufacturers to project false images back into your eyes, c'mon anon. WAKE UP!
what your underage newfag brain meant was "socialism"
Show your evidence.
Holy shit it's going to be amazing.

That's what people don't get. Ajit Pai did more for isp competition than any other FCC chair. A dem would have blocked spacex on some spurious bullshit but he went right ahead with giving them the go ahead.
0eL_bYsI
would you guys work at Tesla if you had the opportunity?
There's a good chance that Elon becomes a billionaire from spaceX
why? It's supposedly a meat grinder.
Pai's OK in my book.
Competition is the only way we get benefits.
a-asking for a friend
what you think will never matter unless you learn how to reason effectively.
If you are taking life advice from a thread though wtf.
Excuse me? I wanted evidence of the landing sites being visible from earth.
suck my dick.
More curious on what people's thoughts were. I see Elon Musk posts and shit about Tesla all the time, curious if it's a desirable place to work at or not
glassdoor
point taken
You have to be extremely retarded to think a sphere would curve like that.
did you make that up?
SPACE FORCE
The downside being you need a far denser array to cover a particular area than you do with geostationary orbit. But you'd probably need more density anyway just to have enough capacity for such a system to be a viable broadband option for a significant portion of the population.
like i said before, nobody cares what you think.
Nice. One step closer to getting off this NiggerPlanet™ and moving to Mars:Whites Only Edition
I'm the retard?
Don't know why you think this will have any major impact on isps. Satellite internet is utter shit in almost all respects.
What's next? Europa?
We really need to clean up all that space junk
yes, you are retarded.
As an engineer? If you can tough it out 3 years and move on to an ethical company
"""""""""""""""""" redirect a few asteroids towards earth. [spoiler]Then recolonize it a century later[/spoiler]
I'm the retard?
NASA has actually been improving under Trump, albeit with space x help. Space X + NASA will lead America to galactic dominance

Obama set us back over 10 years.
NOT REAL GOMMUNISM :DDDDD
efcyCjBo
that gif is retarded, but not nearly as retarded as you.
How can people be this bad at focusing a camera?
imagine being this much of a retard
I don't see why it wouldn't be able to. It never dealt with atmospheric drag due to only being used in a vacuum, so there was no need for it to be aerodynamic.
g4kKDhec
Why are you retards replying to an obvious troll?
there will be flat earthers in the middle of syberia, hundreds of miles from any hope of cell reception, or electricity, shitposting about how satellites are fake. What a time to be alive.
your opinion will never matter, you cant even tell the difference between the effects of altitude and the effects of telephoto zoom. You are the retard.
it can be fun, but i'm done, i got other shit to do.
I c what you did there.
Looks sturdy to you? Professionally made?
Fucking awesome, thx.
if you want to know why it looks the way it does, study the R&D behind it. The fact you haven't already shows you don't care.
We'll see about that won't we...
You do know that is untrue, right?
Huh. Who knew NASA could still do more than just shill for global warming and diversity.
Musk is a gigantic faggot. If it wasn't for the anti-Russian sentiment of the mainstream media and the left, we'd still be in good terms with the Russians and flying astronauts to space on their amazing spacecraft. There would be no market for Blue Origin's and SpaceX's poorly performing junk. Huge waste of taxpayer money!
you've made it pretty clear how retarded you are. no further information needed. feel free to keep making a fool of yourself eric duvay.
based and redpilled. Private spaceflight was always going to be a very difficult thing compared to government spaceflight, but once it got going "muh free market" ensured that it was made much more efficient.
Are you implying it looks like shit?
Yes, it looks exceptionally sturdy. You're focusing on the thermal blankets as if those were the main support structures.
You've got nothing to worry about then.
Says who?
hmmmmmm i wonder why this fucker is using a meme flag and making ridiculous claims. who would possibly be motivated to do such a thing? It couldn't be a member of a country who is about to lose a huge amount of income, could it?

Competition is bad? You must be a communist, how about dropping the meme flag, faggot.
Never forget the "bird" that destroyed this rocket.
You're pissing in the wind anon, I'm pretty sure he's already made up his mind that the moon landing was some elaborate hoax and no facts or reason are going to change his mind.
ver-cargo-space-rocket-general.html
My favorite African American
Holy Kessler effect, Batman!
If they make everything work as planned the latency will be around 40ms. Good enough to compete with landline ISPs.
atleast post source nigger.
Very much so.
>a lot of regulation is designed in a crony way to entrench and establish barriers to entry.
lurn 2 think.
It's so cute that you believe that monstrosity was on the moon.
>45 minutes later two entire American divisions drift down on parachutes
It’s just an outright false claim, the most powerful observatories on earth can’t see the landing site.
e-lta-1a11d
on-landing-sites/
Feels good to be a pull sci-fi setting.
You could also put the actual game servers in space and use it like cloud computing assuming cpu will be that sick in 2022 or so
A test vehicle? Where'd they test it? On the moon?
Why wouldn't it be able to go to the moon? The diameter of the S-IVB stage is around 21 feet, no problem in holding it.
what a topsy-turvy future
>Overseas bases? Where we're going, we don't need overseas bases.
I mean seriously?
Fucking retard.
The factory, as they were testing building methods in the one pictured.
ELON SATELLITES ARENT FUCKING REAL!! COME CLEAN
I was posting that to agree with him. Why do you assume I was disagreeing? But it does include photos of all six Apollo landing sites taken from orbiter.
Elon!!! You know that space is a meme!
>at some point Fort Bragg becomes synonymous with North Carolina because of all of the BFR launch pads and barracks
Oh I guess if the diameter of the "S-IVB stage" is 21 feet it must have gone to the moon.
Oh fuck off kike.
What could the poos possibly gain by confirming we had bigger rocket dicks 50 years ago than they do today?
Why are you so dedicated to being retarded?
zine/coldWarCoOp.html
Hm. First time I've been called a jew on 4chan. I'm sure there's an achievement somewhere for that.
I don't see how it wouldn't allow it. You're the one not providing any arguments or answering any of my questions.
Oh right they tested it in the factory...
and redpilled
It's all bullshit. ISS is fake too of course.
>absolute drivel
Tell us that next time when you get back from ISS using our module like you Did in 2012 cuz Elon still can't do shit outside of meme tests.
You realise they used little figurines to film that. I'm the retard?
zine/coldWarCoOp.html
Oy vey, are you calling NASA untrustworthy?
From there you can build a shipyard in space, sci-fi it up a little and we’ll be exploring the universe instead of worrying about satellite efficiency.
Broadcasting a live TV signal from the moon for a start.
Turns out good old Wernher von Braun, brute force, and the USD was all we needed. Korolev's designs for moon rockets were far ahead of those days' computing power.
>space elevator.
No, I'm saying you have a very selective reading comprehension. We didn't start cooperating until after the lunar landings, the start of that cooperation is very well recorded.
Where's the problem? What would not allow it to happen?
Enemies on earth, friends in space? Give me a fucking break.
all the costs are on the rocket itself, not the fuel. Imagine how much an elevator would cost to build and maintain.
What about Jack Parsons? The thelemite occultist under Aleister Crowley?
>computers in your pocket
The trickier part actually happens on Earth where you need ground stations to track the moon as the Earth rotates.
Do you know how big and how much power a TV broadcasting tower is/requires? Especially in the 60s
Do you know? Also good luck with the trolling <3
Broadcast towers omni-directional.
Disgraceful.
Seriously dude, hail hydra
Also very unlikely. US/Soviet cooperation blossomed during the Apollo-Soyuz Test Project, and slowly grew from then on.
Sounds like you've done this before - you really know what you're talking about.
Were reliving that right now as well.
You've completed avoided the question.
The Soyuz is great, and it had an amazing run, it may be the best equipment the Russian space program has contributed to spaceflight and I don't mean to minimize that even if I was being an ass, but SpaceX has the first manned tests of the Dragon capsule planned for later this year, and it has been successfully delivering cargo for quite some time already.
The groundwork for grander discussions and cooperation that came to fruition in the 1980s did start in the late 50s and through the 60s, and had Kennedy not died he would have probably proposed a joint moon landing. That didn't happen though, so Apollo-Soyuz in 1975 was the first big joint mission the US and USSR had.
Op got some explaining to due
So why are people asking why Russia didn't expose the hoax again?
DREAM ON, MARS MAN
That would only apply if that antenna was broadcasting to all television sets. The signals broadcasted from the moon were received through these around the globe, and then sent to other broadcasting stations here on Earth.
Have much to gain from keeping the charade alive. That's not the only landing site they've imaged.
It's the 2nd launch of the exact same rocket. The first time it's been done with the new block 5 design. You seem to suffer from dunning kreuger.
And yet Elon's bullshit nonsense can't stream properly in 2018 from no where near that distance?
Deal with it nigger, we were cooperating with “bitter enemies” way before the moon mission.
How do you they don't have anything to gain by keeping quiet? And if Russia did say it was fake, who would believe them?
If superpowers writing each other like they're prison pen-pals counts as cooperating, then you have a fascinating definition of the term.
can't ever have a good space thread
And check us out, we took a dune buggy to the moon.
Basically, he’s too fucking retarded to parse through his cognitive dissonance.
How about sharing data and technology that could leave to improved ICBMs you fucking retard.
Then you'll have to wait for the (now defunct) Lunar X Prize landers to directly image some of the old Apollo hardware. Speaking of, at least one mission recovered samples from probes left on the surface of the Moon in the form of recovered components. Those should be plenty of proof on their own.
Because Obama canceled our Manned Spaceflight Program.
>reeeeee! These people don’t suck Elon’s sick, they must be flat earthers!
Well then the Russians got the fucking shit end of the deal because their missiles are STILL inaccurate enough that their warheads are usually at least 2-3x as destructive as our arsenal's. You only use that much weapons grade material when you absolutely have to, it's better used being put into more, smaller warheads.
The cutouts from SpaceX launches occur either during flight or on the drone ship. The drone ship has trouble because the rocket landing on it makes the ship vibrate and rock, which causes the directional antenna on it to lose target.
Why wouldn't 1960's batteries be capable of providing the voltage and amperage needed to operate the electronics used for broadcasting? All you have to do is point your broadcasting antenna from your spacecraft to a receiver within line of sight on earth, it quite literally is that easy.
They're in a fucking cult.
The tech did advance how he thought it would with rockets though, which is sort of surprising when you think about it.
Go fuck yourself, retard. You live in a fantasy land.
Images are not scientific proof in the slightest. You're living in a sci-fi fantasy land, you need to snap out of it.
Weak signals are nothing really new for NASA though. Communicating with our probes in the outer solar system is like signalling with a single lit match over thousands of miles, the trick is picking the right frequency and having a good filter.
You do know that these orbits decay a lot faster than GEO orbits?
This is like a religious belief to you.
Well your opinions don't matter because they fatally conflict with reality. Keep believing whatever you want to, it's not going to stop us from carrying on without your dead weight.
And even in the way that you're right, Musk literally doesn't care. He has so much money he can afford fucking around with electric cars and rockets. There is NO WAY to make a profitable space company and yet he's trying to do it.
You have your head so far up your own ass it is unbelievable.
"correspondence over letters" and "written agreements to collaborate on scientific efforts" are one thing. Actual fucking scientific and engineering collaboration are another, that's what we have today on the ISS. No more than a drip of that existed pre-1975.
Oh, yes. And given how TPTB have been focusing on discrediting Musk lately, I expect a very convenient and visible launch failure.
Maybe in the future we might be able to build one out of carbon nano-tubes or graphene, but untill then chemical rockets are our only way into space and required to build such a thing.
Oh yes, pointing a receiver to something 230,000 miles away that's moving, it really is that easy.
Got it.

Tesla will do better as a battery supplier and creator of "energy solutions" I think
No, you're just fucking illiterate.
I'm pretty sure he didn't mean digital processing, large directional antennas with a huge gain are a thing, and the anglular movement of earth seen from moon is pretty much nonexistant since the same side of the moon always points to earth.
Dream on, Mars Man
Yes it is, the moon isn't exactly spinning much, and the Earth spin issue was already addressed before.
Bravo, bravo.
For this type of antenna it is roughly 5°, and it is not exactly hard to aim it to earth with about 5° margin of error, and even if you fuck that up, you can still correct it.
Even if spin were an issue, it's simple enough that it can be dealt with through purely analog means. Once signal is acquired, the mount could have been pre-built to slowly track with a very low-gear motorized system based on the rough location of the lander relative to the receiver site on Earth. The math isn't that hard.
Oh I don't know. Perhaps the 230,000 mile distance? You don't think that would have weakened? The signal needed to go through the "van allen belts"? The signal needing to go through earth's entire atmosphere? The fact satellite dishes need to be in the right position to capture the signal?
>t. consumer who has never designed and built anything himself
why do you want to be retarded?
What about ground control controlling the camera on the moon remotely? Very impressive, they captured them taking off - the batteries must have been incredible, and the signal was fantastic.
I helped build the lunar lander.
Please, educate me about how a 500 kHz video transmission interacts with a phenomenon known to not directly impact EM transmissions.
post proof
Radioisotope generators (so called nuclear batteries) are indeee great.
TFW when the rockets (((coincidentally))) run on sickle cells, so we create giant sickle production facilities where blacks are forced to donate their blood in an unnecessarily brutal manner.
Flung a fucking dune buggy all the way to the moon, couldn’t make a simple remote.
I'm retarded?
Actually, Apollo 11 was the first american craft sent to the surface of the moon.
I'll answer myself. BECAUSE THE VAN ALLEN BELTS DON'T INTERFERE WITH ALL FREQUENCIES DIPSHIT, IF THEY WERE THAT BROAD WE COULD'NT SEE THE FUCKING STARS AT NIGHT.
Have you ever worked with AV transmitters?
>with no prior testing or practice
Are you being serious right now?
god you people are still replying to obvious trolls
The command module and lander did go around the van allen belts during their transits to and from the moon.
It would literally just be a band of glowing light. That's how it would look to us if the Van Allen belts were the boogieman these conspiracy-gobbling gibbons were as potent as they believed them to be. They'd be brighter than the fucking rings of Saturn, and let me tell you, those would be visible in fucking DAYTIME on Earth from the ground.
issions_(1958–1965)
Considering the fact you can bounce waves off of the magneto"sphere" from ground level on earth, it seems very odd that you can send waves through this same magneto"sphere", which is tied to this "van allen belt".
Lmaoing @ flat earth brainlets
I added a bit of tinfoil to it.
And WAY more fucking visible than the moon.
that doesn't prove anything, you could at least do what NASA does and post a shitty CGI image of you applying the tinfoil as proof
Now how did a film camera send back photos from a crashed lander?
What's the tinfoil actually called?
The images were broadcast up until the very moment of impact, at which point the signal obviously cut off.
the went around.
They didn't use those, they used zinc batteries.
The impact probes they took fotos and transmitted them before impact.
Found it, disregard.
I found the camera they used after I send that
It's bizarre. And of course the dune buggy worked perfectly, nothing melted in the heat, or condensed in the extreme pressure. What a fucking joke.
Name the material.
Of course, I've worked with ones from the 60's transmitting over 200,000 miles. Yourself?
Name the foil.
Jeez you are one dense fuck.
It should take no more than 60 seconds for you to see it and type the two words.
STOP REPLYING TO PEOPLE PRETENDING TO BE RETARDED
"aluminized"
Musk is obviously the biggest illusion ever pulled off right now. Enjoy “Mars” brave future astronauts lmfao
Q predicted this
Sorry, probably confused it with the ASLEP RTG.
The idea is that after 10 years the technology will have moved on so much that the first generation satellites are obsolete and need replacing anyway.
Pic related, the RTG is on the right next to the astronaut.
Even a simple bi-quad antenna gives you multiple times the range of a dipole.
Now, can you tell me the second word? It's a material that is much more common that you would think.
he doesnt know how heat works.
That’s amazing.
Not to mention the Apollo Service Module contained a Hydrogen Fuel Cell. Not a very efficient one, but one that got the job done.
its just so tempting to talk shit to them.
Tell me the polymer then, faggot.
Caps was accidental, but I'm not going to re type it.
I’m not that anon, and you are a hopeless nutcase.
They looked so real didn't they? Webm related.
Great stuff, but only realy works in vacuum.
Nice google search skills, but I'm looking for the name of the outer foil layer, not the whole subsystem.
I don’t know what he hopes to prove with this, he is obviously unstable.
This should be much easier for you faggots, they sell it fucking gift shops.
RTG's are the coolest. Imagine taking a dab off this thing.
Lol’d at the helmet.
Very Good, someone can understand a simple request. The britbong is either lying or an idiot.
i feel you, brother.
No he is MAKING FUN OF YOU you stupid cunt.
Based Musky
I looked into this some people say the helmet did swivel others said it didn't
probably pretending to be an idiot. no matter what he is, ridicule is all he deserves.
Acting like a retard on purpose to make fun of someone else? That doesn't seem worthwhile. He should try to breathe underwater to make fun of him next.
This. Elon's already had his launch systems sabotaged before, and with him being on (((((their))))) shitlist now that's only going to get worse. I hope it doesn't happen, but I'm expecting it now.

Space foil
>Acting like a retard on purpose to make fun of someone else? That doesn't seem worthwhile.
And what ever will he do, brandish a spoon at me?
Earth is flat, quit believing their bullshit lies. Go research it.
Keep in mind that those objects are thousands of miles away from each other
was not verry specific.
So they also managed to send the waves straight through without an angle? Nailed it again holy shit.
Nasa said it didn’t.
Your answer was correct. He was wrong.
Aluminized mylar and kapton are fucking party balloon staples in this 21st century. It is distressing that so few of you know what the hell such common objects are made of.

If you send a signal from far away, like the moon, it reaches most of earth at a rather straight angle.
His answer was very general, I wanted the foil material specifically because the britbong went with
Ha ha ha,
Sure kid.


says it does here
Also it seems you like to ignore the facts I've corrected you on, it seems like such a common theme among people like you.
Lol flatbong got you so riled up. Bet you regret those vaccines, eh autismo?
Build one yourself, it's easy
You need some kind of spacer to reduce heat conductivity between the reflecting layers

Traitor. Should be hanged for treason.
Midget traitor.
We've answered this already should be stickied
He's a fucking Kike, who, before Trump was president, was always criticizing him.
disgusting neocon kike rat
learn 2 shoop u cultural marxist
Antichrist. Should be gassed right after Mark Levin.
neoliberal shyster
apparently he's really short
a big baby whos feelings are always getting in the way of the facts
annoying but smart
Has one hot sister though
Thats a tiny kike. What a fuckin manlet.
IS he really that short or is that a shop?
In my honest opinion I think he's a little
Hmm... wonder what pols opinion of a Jew is. Personally I think he's a good debater but too much of a neocon. Also, i despise hearing him give his sale pitch for products on his show like he actually cares and not just for the money
the personification of alt-light pseudo intellectual justification for the maintenance of the status quo.
This. And don't forget, USA was made for whites. Kikes have no right to speak
He goes into the Easy-Bake Oven.
he'd be way cooler if he was a Christian
Has to be a shop, jp is like 6ft right?
Has a hot sister with big khazer milkies
He's Israel-first and chimps out whenever you call him on it.
He's your typical Boomer. Not much else to say.
fuck off, jew
I like him, but he's definitely controlled opposition. Should be taken with a grain of salt.
it's nice of kikes to so closely associate with one another, makes the brush painting easy peasy.
lmao, fucking manlet kike
how the fuck do you have sexual standards if you're a kissless virgin lmfao
You can really see the goblin jew when you contrast his features with Peterson.
https://youtu.be/Tq6a2kAZ3nM?t=29
Great at crushing leftist arguments, solid on 2nd amendment and against identity politics. He's a total squish on race, immigration and he can not be allowed to lead a conservative movement
dumb ass kike
his handler, his influencer, his leash holder... his grima wormtongue.
Whats Abigail up to these days?

Did he know about the wall?
I heard he sleeps in a drawer.
a dick sucking closeted jew faggot

Sell out who in the name of appearing consistent has lost sight of the principles he stood up to defend
What were those principles, tripsman??
Had to skip recaptcha 10 times for this comment, street signs never works. Rat folk must not appreciate my comment
tatus/1025040507045597184
e-celebs aren't conservative. They're zionist shills.
*SNAP*
Has anyone else noticed that Jeopardy! is promoting the MSM Russia Hoax? Russian Interference was an actual recent category title, Nancy Pelosi was a recent category narrator, SJW questions every episode etc...Is nothing sacred?
Yeeeep
Imagine how rotten the inside of her cunt smells. Mmmmm
I watched that episode. Brought up dreamers in one question. Absolutely disgusting. Luckily that was the last category picked for the episode or I would have turned it off sooner. I'm done with that show. Cant stand Alex's pronunciations of foreign words either. Wheel of fortune is my new show.
Sajak redpilled af
stop watching TV
I hate living in East LA. Found this dead drug addict in my garage this morning. What do I do with it?
Why post this shit image every day?
A hole is a hole.
Eat it.
Show us the cock before you call the cops.
feel free to contribute to the thread no nigs allowed
(((KKK)))
You forgot FBI.gov
NYT trying to delete and memory hole their self-harming quotres
witter.html
But hilariously, search engine cache results and their own database has the original quote still:
The NYT just lost the last shred of whatever credibility they pretended to have.
bold fucking jews
Can we hang these people yet?
Excellent work op- will show my mom who still reads this rag
It would have been much easier to just fire the gook

how do they stay in business ? Are there enough nonwhites who pay for subscriptions ? Sadly the day the NYT ceases publication nothing of value will be lost.
It's not about business. It's about controlling minds. Money doesn't matter.
I think they want the shitstorm. Publicity equals clicks. They're that fucking desperate they will shred their dignity to feed the monkey. It's like the last stages of crack whores tragic demise.
They have completely outted themselves as not even pretending to be real news.
Because it isn't about business, if it was a business it would have been shuttered already because it hemorrhages money. It's about the agenda.
https://archive.is/5fTFg
Good catch. Have a bump


Do any of you anons have normie friends that read the NYT? If so, try to dig up a May 30, 2018 issue.
This is actually the truth. Look at CNN and how their ratings have been abysmal for how long? (((somebody))) props them up for obvious reasons.
Spread it far and wide. Fuck these commies.
unless the op is referring to the quote being posted somewhere else, like on twitter, then deleted. otherwise this is disinformation: the quote was never in the original story.
I'd be willing to bet that a lot of their revenue comes from hotel chains provide complementary newspapers to guests. That could be a good avenue of attack come to think of it.
The May 30, 2018 paper copy could clear this up.
"Make no mistake: The “Roseanne” decision would also have been expensive if ABC hadn’t canceled the show. It’s just that the costs would have been borne, as they generally are, by vulnerable people whose tormentors would be emboldened by seeing someone famous and powerful get away with it."
You have an archive link?
clear what up? the OP implied the nytimes deleted a quote to memory hole their self-harming quote: the archive.org copy of the site from that day doesn't include the quote. are you suggesting there would be a copy of the story in the newspaper with the quote and then the web version doesn't include the quote? if so, that judgment would have been made on the day of its publication, not later/today. the op is likely confused by the quote appearing in google results and not in the story itself - because the quote is only included as a meta header Description parameter.

What difference does that make? They were using one line and then changed it after it revealed their hypocrisy.
the link you used worked I just had to ctrl+c the text before it went to page cannot be displayed and pasted it into a word document
This is true. This kind of shit would get my parents to cancel the times, and my dad is already close to
I dont have an archive of the original article.
show me where they changed it? where? because id love to believe you, but im looking extremely hard and find no evidence of their changing anything.
Thats why I said I need an anon to find the May 30, 2018 NYT publication.
I don't doubt that this swich is true, but the old version is in a blurb and the new one is in the body of the article. I want to see the before-and-after blurbs or the before-and-after articles
Is there anyone on Earth more in love with censorship than a mainstream journalist?
Virtually all leftist publications and news sources are the mouthpiece of a Clinton campaign donor who is pissed that Trump kicked their asses to become president.
KEKed my ass of
Is the media purposely trying to totally discredit itself? This makes literally no sense unless the NYT is consciously trying to destroy itself. Wtf is happening.
Democrats are destroying themselves (and that's a good thing).
do a ctrl+f and search for the word 'slide' (used in the quote the op was talking about) - in both copies the only trace of the word and the original quote are found in non-visible html portions of the page: the meta data. nothing was originally posted and then deleted today.
What are you getting at?
>What are you getting at?
fucking jews
The slide is real. Fuckin glow in the dark niggers
stop with your lying bullshit, you fucking coward
>i'm gunna new twoooowa
Its a win win.
Only boomers watch Roseanne anyway.
You're gonna need an earlier version for proof. It would be a nice bit of gotcha on the times too.
Looking for a May 30, 2018 print edition of the NYT. Help me out anon.
that's actually kind of interesting. I usually think of rich mexicans as being very conservative.
rich mexicans are drug dealers
She's already feeling the pain of the up coming lactose intolerance, but no jew will pass on the free ice cream.
Ok, so the html slide version was created by the nyt. Its apart of their code and they wroye it. So great, they mist believe that statement and the question still remains why they don’t practice what they wrote (albeit in their html)
They didn't delete this content in May. They delete it today or yesterday. How come this change is reflected on the archives? If you let the page load entirely you even get a 404. They are re-writing history at will and in real time. Totally disgraceful and frankly quite scary.
Think of the media as the PR & Marketing department for the single business+government+media entity.
Fuck cia niggers
Being this retarded...
Failing New York Times
Interesting but also not true. He owns somewhere around 8% of its shares, last I heard.
I don't think anyone knew she was Black until this. I honestly had no idea. Why do Democrats think Black people should be offended by being compared to monkeys anyways when other people call each other that all the time? Isn't is racist to assume Blacks are supposed to be especially disturbed by this?
pump this shit to the alt-lite normies
Oh well, thought it was a good gotcha moment.
When you see a jewy post here with a Mexican flag, that not a beaner trolling, that's actually a jew.
have a blamp
But its still on their website and a good redpill to usw to point out their hypocrisy.
I get this before it vanishes and 404s (Um ignore the Flintstones)
>p.s. The famous NYT slogan "All the news that's fit to print" is fundamentally the statement that the NYT declares itself the mind-controlling censor of what people are, and are not, told.
orial-board-of-the-new-york-times
Ok Alice
Really man?
This is why beaners come to the US, because our less corrupt society enables competition and hence jobs where theirs doesn't. Yet in mexican-controlled cities like LA the corruption once again surfaces, indicating that mexican culture and racial traits make them wholly unfit for America- they want what we have but can't have it because they instinctively bend over and take it from the rich guys who own everything.
they're like fucking locusts
Hello, Herschel.
Not my real name.
All this shit needs to go on normiebook and twatter
The paper has also quadrupled in price in the last two decades, and the quality of the journalism has gone to shit, although they still run some seemingly well researched articles occasionally.
-operate?__twitter_impression=true
>oh no, that sucks!

I'm glad they're filing a lawsuit.good luck lads
I believe they are changing tactics. Because they cannot win the culture war, they are going the (((legal))) route.
The Melissa Harris perry administration.
Isn't that illegal?
Nothing is illegal for (((them)))
And for whom!

Ayo hol up, you niggaz ain't gonna let the NRA go broke, is u?
(It's still true)
I know. Soon they'll pay a price for what they've done.
Let KEK decide their fate

REEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Tinggg
At last A good nights sleep....
States will try to push as hard as they can because they know they will have no luck with the president. Don’t be so cocky kid.
Hey so, since the banks are conspiring against our constitutional rights, how do we go about protecting these rights?
You are right (but you are a cuckold)
they can keep trying, they'll never get them.
Prayer, memes, guns, being mentally and physically fit?
Not bad at'all
ami-warning.179192/
If you put the layer with your brush strokes in "Multiply" blending mode, it won't fuck up the blackness of the text.
Thank you. I actually saved that picture- it was cropped with text. I didn’t know it had another context.
Ah! Thank you!
I tried researching how to change that. I failed. Will you please help me?
Fuck that guy
Thank you for that link! Great read!!!
dian-secret-service-russia-spy/
dian-secret-service-russia-spy/
lol CNN is pulling their hair out of their head.

City people all voted for Hillary.
CN what?
This looks like something from an elementary school newspaper.
can't tell if this is a trump supporter or a #resister
And that's a good thing
it's actually a caricature of a /pol/lack from a tv show.
But city people depend on the state power more than rural and suburban. So who is the retard here? The ones dependent on government or the independent ones?
umm sweaty, normal is just a setting on the washing machine
AND THAT'S A GOOD THING. HERE'S WHY
thanks dog fucker, your opinion is valued here. faggot.
oh yeah, people who live in trendy overpriced and overpopulated urban cores are sooooo superior in intellect to those who live in more sensible economic zones. sure.
yeah we know, dipshit
What CNN is doing to journalism is absolutely not normal
It's a depiction of /pol/ anons on American Horror Story. That whole season was full of gold hysteria reactions. That scene is probably the only accurate one
So Metal
...and that's a good thing
interesting, didnt trump just hit 50% approval? higher than Obama's at this point?
>making America great again is not normal
Hispanics unemployment is also at it's lowest ever.
What is normal to the spider is chaos to the fly
But with more duels.
Honestly, why is Trump so consistently retarded?
AND IT'S A PROBLEM. LET THAT SINK IN
CNN plots sedition.
Cartoon Network News
drumpf

Because he's not destroying the country and selling it out to the UN? Yeah, it really isn't.
Trump is pissed they report facts. Poor little snowflake can't handle critisism.
CNN - tonight’s top story! We paid this guy for a picture of his dogs ear canal!
Considering how they see importing foreign terrorists and cutting off penises as normal, I'm not too concerned about their opinion.


that was cringe to watch in lecture hall
When did that pasta stop being "the highly educated city people"


What trump is doing is not TYPICAL and that's a good thing
They always project their own crimes and worst failures onto others
>/pol/: lol triggered!
Yeah showing both sides of an opinion isn't popular. Go watch news you only agree with and let your brain shrink.
>But injecting boys with estrogen is however.

Reynolds or store brand foil for your hats.
you actually watch that faggot shit lmao
FULL STOP
Lmao keep crying loser
I pity your inability to fact check. What is it like to eat blue pills for breakfast?
>but this is
The depiction of leftists was pretty spot on
Based jew
Lmao your memes are terrible
this sounds like desperation.
Still blows my fucking mind that CNN has the rarest Pepe... They made it themselves! /ournews/?
You tell me -- you're the one who slurps up any shit that comes your way from CNN
You mean fearmongering
THISIS NOT NORMAL
Stop the presses. The MSM really has gone insane
I need more Miller in my life
I wonder who made you feel marginalized? I bet all your problems are someone else's fault. Poor anon, waste hundreds on guns that will make you feel like a man again.
Keep wildly lashing out, sweetie, you've got six more years of impotent rage to go
LOL keep crying loser
Cross reference with crime map please
Since Trump is Putin's cuck what does that make you, clean up sissy?
CNN assumes we want their version of normal, hah! Nigger, please.
i never humped my tv but I do practice Trump hand gestures.
Lmao you are literally a virgin
The absolute state of you commie so᠌yboys
Whats not normal? I haven't noticed much difference in my day to day compared to 2 years ago. Little bit of more money in my bank account but that's it.


Thanks for the you. Screen shot that shit. We keep score of you poor fools getting all butthurt.


You poor dude. I am sorry I made you feel bad.
Womp womp
You're the one throwing an endless tantrum because Trump is still president, you sad bastard

Clinton News Network
Liberals fuck all the time. Switch sides and learn to smile.
Shouldn’t that be Merkel sucking off Putin?
Who is your president again?
urbanites are highly-educated intellectuals
ghettos and slums
Yeah. I honestly think AHS was just a very very even-handed political satire.


I don't eat food from restaurants unless i can see them make it. So many sick fucks with STDs, most of the chefs are minorities anyhow.
I love how riled up you all get when someone invades your safe space.
This is rich. What a faggot lmao


Haha if that pic is true it's amazing. Trump is a GOD.
>fat people with bad tattoos


Dayyum...
This graphic actually makes me happy. Only niggers voted for hillary.
Leftists confirmed for literal psychopaths
I knew he would win. Ignorance is rampant, makes it easy to stay ahead. I hope you find something besides the chans to make you smile.

Bullshit. Read a book jew.

Nope just trolling while I shit have a nice day.
Making it great again is not status quo. He must be stopped reeeeeeeeeeee
Sure you did
I love how riled up you all get when someone invades your safe space.

yup thats a cringe
* aided in his campaign by russian shills

Commie fags now endorse hitting women lol

Don't put your stock in a Blue Wave cause there's a Red Tsunami coming.
They wanted people to get used to higher unemployment and slower economic growth to justify their welfare state, so lowest unemployment and highest economic growth in decades is going against what they wanted to be your normal. My county needs a trump like candidate.
The Left's violent hatred is always visible when their mask of tolerance slips
>50 genders is normal
You only hate Putin because he keeps communism out of Russia lets be honest.
goddamn, checked and can she ever recover from this?
How does it feel shilling for Russia? Putin would be proud, traitor.
So why are the Dems continuing with the exact same shit that lead them to lose last time?

I’d throw that shit away too who knows what kind of sick stuff they did to his food.
Indeed.
How is feeling the Bern working for you hippie faggot.
Yeah, we usually don't win this much.
>Retarded
>DAE le drumpf supporters are LOSER neckbeards reddit :) xD le upboats to le left
underbudget and ahead of schedule.
tl;dr: OH NO NO NO NO NO
wow they really got rused

I think the ADL actually made it for them.

fuck me man, she just has a severed childs head next to her, they aren't even trying to hide it anymore
It was plenty normal before you kikes slimed your way in here.
reposting/spamming is a rule violation
Yeah it was iirc
With others of their kind. Nobody in their right mind would want to.
You think they got the message?
They are like Donald Trump that pedo piece of shit with bis golfball up his ass. In fact the bongwog pedos make a great match with that incest incle Trump who fuckes little Wanka.


>$80 sushi
Agreed, brother. Pray for mojo.

Sorry, we have less people that know how to cook cat and dog, so feeding non-citizen persons is more expensive for us.
You Cannot Stump This Man Please Stop Trying CNN
seems commies left
maybe our problem was what became our "normal"
Didn't you hear? he has no friends
Imagine how high it would be if the press wasn't totally negative on Trump. Also imagine how low Obama's would have been if the press wasn't choking to death sucking his dick all the time.
How big are the small and medium sized cities, population-wise?
that look of deep uncomprehending contempt, kek
I cannot wait to get the fuck out of the Baltimore beltway. It sucks here.
And here’s why
Wtf are you rambling about you total berk?
i know that feel
Jake Tapper was on Colbert's show a few days ago asking in a frustrating way why nobody in the Trump administration is thinking about their future in politics.
(((Journalism))) at its finest.
Er... m8...
It's actually the look of someone who desperately wants to be assaulted or to have something thrown at him on camera so he can go around on every channel talking about how dangerous it is to be a news reporter... except he's just having a chick flip him off and having guys call him "fake news" while they laugh at him.
400 lbs hacker detected

>cnn reports facts
Then reporting it as thought it were a serious assault making the people laugh even harder.
A FUCKING LEAF
and there's still 6 years to go
The very definition of BTFO in one picture.

I'm legitimately amazed she hasn't either committed suicide or drank herself to death yet.
Inagine lying on the internet

>not compted
There were actually a lot of factors in his favor, and it was pretty easy to see at certain points which way the wind was blowing.
yeah, that's why people voted for him
you know who else didn't have any friends?
You oughta know commie
>managing smug self deception about losing. Incorrigible shitlibbery
Impressive Pepe
$9k a month????where do i sign up? Thats better than the lottery and all i have to do is change the tone of my shitposting
What the fuck are you babbling about?
cities are more dense than rural areas
goddamn that is one committed shitposter


This, exactly
Jesus Christ, if you did grab that pussy would you get your hand back, or would it eat it?
Economists, pollsters, journalists... all professional liars.
5k to 80k people would be a reasonable range.
This. They even ended with using firearms to kill the crazy dude, which seems like a win for the good-guy with a gun argument.
imagine being this buttmad


I've implemented Trump hand gestures into my rhetorical tool kit, along with his consensus creation. That shit works. You know it, I know it, everybody knows it.
I simply can not. The existential dread that they must feel as their entire narrative and movement is undone by a shit posting steak salesman with a preposterous tan and hairdo must be soul crushing.
>he doesn't get the his sushi comped
>$80 sushi
What until the tables turn and Trump supporters start repaying these assholes in kind.
Actually, if you look at the history of Journalism over the 20th century, especially starting with the takeover of major media groups by the tribe, what CNN is doing to journalism is par for the course. It's not good, but it is normal.
You wouldn't be allowed here if it were a safe space, cupcake.
Either that, or CNN REALLY is struggling to stay afloat with ratings because the internet is beating them the fuck out.
Shoulda had it comped
you know the one
I do Bill Clinton's thumb point too. It's great.
Have you tried the Trump 201 tactic of making a slightly false, but mostly true, statement in order to get the enemy to 'correct' you with the actual truth that never the less reflects badly on them? Because that one is a fucking slam dunk every time he does it.
Miller goes into the oven last
everyone called it. I only got a little shakey with the tape being leaked. He was clearly the rights Obama.
50% faggot. remember that. 50%.
acosted
ummm sweetie stop posting this pasta its stale
OH NO NO NO NO...
Bigfoot is out there you know that he don't ccare about his life of solitude
He's really pulling at the roots now.
why are you so homophobic?
I don't come here often these days but this has me properly fucking shaken. Heads up.
proof or gtfo
larping faggot
Great blog post.
Also are you getting blacked at your outpost
take a unique pic or gtfo.
why do larpers like to lie with their terrible blogposting
Seems reasonable. Tell me more about these fluctuations.
big if true
timestamp or gtfo space nigger
The Nazis are coming back.
r a r e
not possible until October
wtf are you looking for or what does the project for in a broad sense. also North or South poles?
Which one of you idiots brought the strange dog into the camp?
What movie is this from?

Being careful about dropping key words from a remote location with internet going through one router that's obviously monitored. Just in case though. How is Antarctica?
The leaf.
Had to take this with my laptop's webcam. We aren't allowed camera phones.
>fuck to give not found
Physicists in extreme conditions presumably on the edge of the world. Electromagnetic disturbances? If the white coats aren't allowed to talk to the other staff then the conclusion must be pretty fucking shitty. Try not to get liquidated.
reminder that sciencefags never deliver
mind i take a guess on what your eggheads freaking out about?
you're just an Antarctica fag that's larping

It's getting boring
sage goes in the appropriate field
Write /pol/ 18/08/03 and take same pic cunt
ok larpenstein, you talk a lot of vague shit in your OP about your "project" and "this type of equipment", but you never at any time specify what any of it is. How dso you expect anyone to know what the fuck you are talking about? what type of equipment? where is your 'data' being collected from?
Gas all LARPers
yeah theres no daylight atm
Such a great movie, might put the Blu-ray in tonight.
>blue sky in blizzard season
/Board Wars Now!
How are the B.R.A.P readings?
He can't answer this stuff, we're just having a chat around the water cooler
Neutrinos... Making anything but passing throught matter easily. SUUUURE.
excuse me sir but isnt antarctica in a permanant night during july/august
dr_sage_and_mr_hide.jpg
Fuck off homo. Sage.
I know the times are turbulent
Reverse image searched, this is not an original
Get ready for a wild ride.
He did not claim it was faggot. The second pic would be relevant
timestamp with sharpie in pooper or gtfo
These threads are designed to see how much reach this place has, they track from here to social media and google, gives them data about /pol's reach
That place unironically looks comfy as fuck.
It's even better on blu-ray. Usually that amount of detail ruins the special effects, but this one held up for whatever reason.
Hey anon, quit larping and fire up your HF rig so I can score Antarctica tonight.
The second pic is an impossibly vague picture of some ice Hans, timestamp or bust.
oh, uh yeah, about that, THEY are resurfacing so yeah you probanly want to get the fuck put of there ASAP lmfao
Antarctica IP?
Styx & Q predicted this
Like fucking scrawl it somewhere just give something
because it is all prosthetic practical fx that is why
Op should post something, or I am leaving
pic may be legit
You're just analyzing different varieties of penguin shit in there all day, aren't you
Do you experiment with black cocks there?
I'm just concerned about my career mate. Some parts of the project are sensitive and I don't know if this is serious enough to stop caring completely.
Seems pretty serious if they're EVACUATING you
sure, you guys raid /b/. I'll brows /tg/ and /k/ and get comfy.
Is this related to ayys and Nazis?
Just post the reason we'll all die and leave for the bunker
"That's ok, just don't mention the Warp-speed 3000™"
lurk moar
What would have said erroneous readings mean in context to the world and why no pic of butthole with time stamp?
OP has already wrecked himself as he doesn't understand the basics of how our Sun crosses the sky.
everyone who falls for this shit should be shot
Are you trying to warn us or just concern shilling
2012/07/09/icecube-neutrino-observa
Of course your readings are abnormal that’s our dick penetrating your mind. Do you feel it now?
His best hope now is to claim he is associated with the neutrino project, but he works from an alternate arctic location. That is, he doesn't actually work at the posted facility.
So just playing along with the larp for a moment, neutron detectors predict supernovas no? Cool we're all gonna die, it was rad guys, I'm gonna jerk off just in case.
Here's more of the base from another window. I don't have anything to timestamp with, we're waiting in the dining area for a station meeting.
what did he mean by this?
99.9% of the thread is people saying it's a larp.
timestamp on your hand with a pen
Fucking neutrinos, nothing, nothing at all. And if they pick a lot of readins, a neutrino hyperbust, we are fucked and too close to a supernova, so, we will die soon thanks to the gamma ray burst. So, i dont understand the evacuation...
One last batch of babies to the old sock. I almost impregnated a hooker today so I got my bases covered
good luck, techie. You are gonna need it.
picture is original
Is that op's cuck shed? Looks like a real nice one. You playing skylanders on your Nintendo switch?
take same picture but give a middle finger in it
Pic of the dining area, larping faggot
At least put some effort in you lazy fuck
fake and gay
North and south are outdated racist patriarchal concepts.
Q redacted tits
If OP can't take a picture with his hand and a timestemp he's a LARP.
it doesn't matter if it's original. he needs a timestamp or he's a larping faggot
Why do you fags get off on RPing so hard?
Neutrino Observatory
take a picture with your hand in front of the camera
it's ice cube, south pole
If you aren’t a larp, you have said too much. Time to spill the beans or gtfo anf damn humanity to the hell you have helped create
neat flag tho
die nigger
Maybe we're just on the edge of the fallout and not going to die but at risk of slowly baked by low amounts?
he never said that it was his pic, faggot
Wrong hemisphere was just more bullshit. Antarctica is dark at this time of year, larping OP was too lazy and or stupid to check some basics before starting out his low quality attention whoring
antarctica is dark right now, stupid fuck larp
any ayyyys around OP?

Second Impact incoming
he said he's a technician for the project in that attached picture
hopes for ayyys or doom creatures
Disclose the fuckin Ayys already anon. I want to see those three tittied martian wymenz.
Op, you're gonna die anyway so you may as well just timestamp and then spill the fucking beans. Jesus christ, you don't think they'll be able to figure out who's been uploading pics to 4chan? You're fukkin dead, nigger so give us the info and then go make peace with whatever deity you choose to worship.
It makes sense with that equipment u big idiot it runs on electricity.
tent/uploads/2015/11/IceCube-schema
Again a fucking larper. Get out of your moms basement and get a life
OPenis lies
kRnV0b9I
maybe that is the problem? and he just posted evidence it contradicts known logical fact they are in daylight as we type?
No hand in pic=Larp, nothing to see here
Anyone relaying information of any situation knows they are already compromised and will act in such a fashion that maintaining secrecy of their identity is unnecessary as their breach is already known. Period.
Don't worry I've got the balls of 10 normal men and a flamethrower.
>tfw my mind is interlinked with /pol/
>OP is busy photoshopping hand in picture right now
Internet's fucking crawling now for some reason. Here's outside. Lots of stuff going on up ahead.
Why do you have testicles of other men?
Post time stamp faggot. Show us your hand or fuck off.
Fuckoff larper
show pussy
stop larping and show us your hand
Meeting now. Brb anons
Bullshit, go eat some burgers, faggot and put sources.
Let the larpOP make his show.
Fuck off lying faggot.
Look at that amount of boxes, ITS HAPPENING GUYS.
We are so desperate for a happening
FAKE AND GAY
if you don't show us your hand we will leave and sage this thread.
Nah bro a pole flip won't do anything that drastic in the big scheme past be inconvenient, it's detected a nearby supernova, were all gonna die soon, I just emptied my sack, I'm ready to die.
Fuck off you sad Larping faggot, you were given a simple request of your hand in the same pic and did not deliver
and EMI will also attack the front end discriminator electronics. OP is a big idiot.
sage this larper
Choose one
>i have no real information to share
OP cant post pic with hand in photo
I am, this summer has been lacking a good happening
op is a faggot.
/pol/ won't believe you unless you timestamp anon. Use your hand or draw it in snow.
Post gps coordinates
is it that time again already?
topkek
fake and gay
I can confirm larper is in Canada. I am the camp counselor.
AlTcZFwY

>literally being too much of a nigger to save the world
It's literally nightime for several more months in that picture you lying sack of snakeshit
r-system-01566.html
The virus escaped and they shoot the whole crew as is mandatory.
Kill yourself
He said he's not in the South Pole you illiterate monkey-spawn.
It's probably just the sun getting ready to blow up.
larp detected
What's that from?
OK so apparently one of the military's dogs has gone missing (???) and my team has to fly out to McMurdo, but they haven't said why.
I mean, there's still that bit of daylight
>tfw frostpunk is true and we are going to live through it
FAKE AND GAY
The station in his photograph is at the south pole, so are the other assets he showed in the other photographs, kill yourself retarded nigger
Nigger take a picture with your laptop with a god daym timestamp or fuck off you plebbit tier larper.
Goddamn that looks comfy in this heat
Watch out for the husky The Thing took it over!!
really spooked me op
Stop LARPing you are not good at it. Goes in options.
Station is in the deep dark area
wtf bad red man I'm scared romania-bro should I be scared?
But the project he said he's working on is
Its not a rare flag. Seen dozen of them the last few days
>hopefully does
....Wait a minute you are just trolling people by rehashing the script to The thing....
Gee, thank God you said something anon. Who knows what would have happened if you hadn't!
Borrowed a selfie stick from a tourist. This OK for proof?
I too thought The Thing was a pretty good movie
>cant hand
FiPoSuzU&feature=share
fuck I almost beat you too it
Hook line and fucking sinker.
kek, you got me anon. great movie
And he never said he worked their, oh just inferred that.
Well that didn't last long.
bravo larper

Doom 5 will take place in some virgin's LARP?
so what's with the flag anon?
Ok so now the thread is full of reasons we know you're full of shit, can you at least deliver and tell us how you got the spooky flag, there's been a lot recently there must be a reason and I'm interested in that rather than neutrinos now
My man just fucking end it, go outside and plant your head on a traintrack
>McMurdo
Kill yourself as soon as possible
Antartica has its own flag for anons commenting from there, hes just larping
>haha guise, I got caught being a weird Larping faggot, but it was all just a funny troll rite guys
How new are you?
We know it has to do with some nigger dick quantum algorithim test, society+nigger cum research facility.
Why not give us a TL;DR? I fucking hate FagTube shit that takes 80 minutes to say what I could read in 5 minutes.
let's all watch john carpenter's apocalypse trilogy right meow.
holy shit your colleague is a dead-ringer for kurt russel
nigger
You're so right my man

Well played faggot
Current sunlight hours at 89 degrees South: 0 hours per day.
Dunno, it was supposed to be a UK proxy but the IP range actually belongs to spaceniggers apparently. Thought I'd have some fun with it lamo
well done. Keep up the good work
Do you work st the airport
Soace niggers have their own flags just like antartica niggers
Nvm i now see its a ceres flag
Hey guys, I work with OP. I just saw this and decided to take a picture with my dollar store throwaway camera. It’s happening for real this guys, Q predicted this
He can't be in the north pole either, since there's no land there retard.

Could you post the first two sections of your IP? like 192.168.XXX.XXX. Curious how the '?' flag gets chosen.
hey anon, whats with the question marked flag at the bottom under international waters?
simbly ebin, i give you a 0/10 though since you didnt even speak in norwegian
in order to get the actual image that someone uploaded, rather than just the tiny thumbnail.
hello boomer/zoomer
I'll do some research and cook up a real hollywood grade larp next time. I hope this teaches you all not to get distracted by sci-fi bollocks.
185.253 my dude
no no no, you're just supposed to call him a faggot for saving a thumbnail. they'll get it eventually.
on your next larp you should try to fake a way of proving that you're actually taking the pictures that was a very obvious give away
Thank you very much! Time to do some research!
looks kinda serious.. i think i'll bring the tomato plants inside
Using an older laptop that still uses the old .JFIF JPEG format. It is an original image.
don't be such a pussy
How can I never see these properly
Very good stream and lots of info, knowledge on the occultic nature of the NWO
I pray for their return.
Lol that’s a Norwegian assigned range for the scammers at M247
lurk longer before posting
i used my eyes

But it's grainy and unfocused
The block seems to be dedicated to euroniggers. Going to scan the block to get some clues how '?' happens. Won't figure it out tonight though.
might want to get ur eyes checked then
Mines 192.168.1.1
Don’t use their vpn’s or shared service resources if you value any data you are passing through it
Mine's 127.0.0.1
We didn’t get “distracted,” we are just pissed you wasted a thread faggot.
God Bless Murica!
Thanks for the explanation and the heads up!
Do you believe in Agartha?
Speak for yourself,Nazi-loser. Get a fucking life and lighten up.
ARCTICANON HAS CLEARLY BEEN CO-OPTED
>they don't know about Rothschilds Island
heard you guys have awesome sex parties. Inner earth girls are the best.
I want to believe. I'm a saffer an Siener van Rensburg's prophecy links up with that story.
fuck you op for getting my hopes up
never heard his prophecies. what did he say about Agartha?
147681912
We building a Warp Drive?
and follow the link to the country codes for more info.
shutup anon
LARPing isn't that hard, just keep that in mind in future.
I'm sure you can organise something with Iran
OP I know you're LARPing but thanks for telling me about the IceCube Neutrino Observatory, never knew about it but it looks cool AF. Can you tell us anything?
Feel like an idiot yet?
that's what we are trying to find out now.
The Return of the Aryan race....so there is hope after all.
OP IS A FAGGOT
i wonder if they use like a cow milker
What did those majestic 12 fuckers do to Mad dog Mattis?
>"if you know anything about" the secret government equipment you told us nothing about so yeah let me whip out my Tom Henry books for that particular model
WHAT THE FUCK

no warp drive yet, unfortunately. maybe someday.
all he need is a picture with his hand you dont need a time stamp newfag
Fuck off stormfag, Antarctica larps are pol culture.
well played anon
ant if thumbnail
Thank you

>Q predicted this
This is a great question. I think what's more important than the work being done and the things being accomplished, is how much diversity there is in the project. I mean, if there's so great breakthrough achievement but it's only done by white men does it really even matter? I mean, hello! Hidden Figures!
The thing
Thread winner
Are you on the antarctic or greenland?
People are fucking weird. There needs to be a fucking plague.

waaaait a second!
Where were you when Jair Bolsonaro became the most based political candidate since Trump?
Screw Pocketmyth post Yoruichi
Youll never beat that level of based
Commie bitches BTFO'd
What in the hell was that?
Levels of BASEDNESS skyrocketed
It was humiliation porn. I actually felt bad for Miriam, that was fucking pathetic
And the guy is already trending on twatter
*The jaw of Leitão had a lock by the anger in her last question.
eu perdi o final, alguem posta ai oq aconteceu
Hello to everyone named Joao ITT
He got balls.
No joão here, John!
>t. Craig Fappington
Camera refused to change scene from the interview room, took about 2 very awkward minutes before Miriam figured out that she had to give a public apology. Following apology was one of the most pathetic scenes ever seen on TV. Anyone got video link? Must have one up by now
Neatly insanely awesome desu
